00:00:00
The clothing brand industry is about to change faster than it has in the last decade. And for clothing brands, for founders, for anyone trying to grow an apparel business online. If that's you, you need to pay very close attention to what's happening right now in 2026. Because the truth is, the way that clothing brands grow is completely reset. What used to work, ads, influencers, launches, content is breaking, and a new playbook is replacing it. I know this because I spend every day inside of real clothing

00:00:29
brands data, ad accounts, and content systems, offers, and scaling decisions across hundreds of apparel brands and different stages. And I'm starting to see some very clear patterns forming. Trends that most brand owners haven't noticed yet, but the ones who do will have a massive advantage over the next 12 to 24 months. So, in this video, I'm going to break down the five biggest trends for clothing brands in 2026. It's not theory, not prediction, but what's actually working right now behind the

00:00:56
scenes. And if you care about scaling your clothing brand, staying competitive, or not getting left behind, you'll want to watch this entire video. All right, so trend number one is a micro niche. So, I've been saying this for a long time, but we're going to see this even more at a much deeper level. So, most clothing brands try to appeal to everyone and end up speaking to no one. What does this mean by a micro niche? All right. So, obviously you're already in the apparel space. We we know

00:01:23
that. So, kind of a check box. We've niched down, if you will, in e-commerce, but not really. So, we got apparel. That's kind of like one layer. The second layer inside of there, you could go after women. Cool. Check mark. We're going down. So, we're going after women who wear clothes. Again, not really super niche, but now we're going into women who love slow fashion. Okay? They want staple pieces. So, we're going after the apparel industry. We're selling online, maybe brick and mortar,

00:01:52
but we're going after women and we're looking at for women who are in the slow fashion space, like women who want something that's more eco-friendly. They're not wearing a ton of different items. They're spinning on quality. Okay? So, we have a woman who is interested in slow fashion and then we have somebody who's specifically working on dresses. You could go even deeper and just say a very specific type of dress. You can go even deeper and talk about like the foundation of your company. So

00:02:19
maybe it's a religion, maybe it's a spirituality, maybe it's maybe it's something like that. So you can talk about being a Christian slowfashion dress company. We got an audience. Now when I say women, you should really know your demographic. I do not like the range where it's like 25 to 45 year old women. That is basically saying again everybody. We need to niche down even more. So, are you going after 25 to 35? Much more likely. Or the 35 to 55. They're much more likely to be in the

00:02:49
right in the same demographic. You need to know who your audience is. And then you need to niche down. A lot of these times, right? So, in 2020, these types of women probably would have said, "I'm going to sell clothes in a boutique, right, to women who want to look fashionable and they want to do it at a low price or higher quality, whatever. That's no longer the approach that you can take. You've got to niche down. And honestly, it makes it so much easier for you because if you focus on dresses and

00:03:22
you focus on, for example, in this what I'm talking about, soul fashion, your margins are going to go up too. Margins increase because you don't have to go and buy for the boutique world people anyway, you don't have to go buy two packs of like 50 things. You can actually buy like 10 packs if you buy it from a boutique or you can buy from the manufacturer wherever. But you can go much deeper, multiple units, hundreds of units of I don't know 10 different SKs versus most women's boutiques and most

00:03:52
boutiques in general, right? Where you had to do hundreds of SKs or this is my prediction here, not something I really know, but the micro niche 100%. But what I do believe is that most boutiques who are going to survive, unless they're doing like 10 mil plus per year, they're not going to have hundreds of SKs. The daily new arrivals is going to be very difficult for people to keep keep up with, which is why we had I think it was like, I don't know, 10 to 15,000 retailers, like boutiques that just went

00:04:23
out of business in 2025. They just do not exist anymore because they try to copy the model that does not exist. They believed that Facebook ads could solve their problem, but then the cost rose and then they're spending $35 to get somebody to spend $55 with them and it will never work. A micro niche going after this. Figuring out exactly who your audience is is extremely important. We have documents and uh I'll cover it really quickly here, but I have documents and then we'll get into this

00:04:56
second trend, but you have to do this, right? It leads with a problem. Okay. What is your specific problem solve in your micro niche? What is you as the unique solution? So I put but you know unique solution. And then what does their life like afterwards? What is the future look like? If you can do that in a micro niche, you are going to be much more successful this year right in 2026. That is very very important. Microniching down. So real quick I want to say a quick hey howdy and hello. My name is Aaron Pearson and I help scale

00:05:28
clothing brands. We've worked with over 300 clothing brands in the last 12 months alone. And if you found any value in this video, please hit that subscribe button so you do not miss out on any of our latest content. If you do this in the next 3 seconds, I'll share with you my favorite vacation spot in the United States. All right, so a lot of people love Seaside. I think that is good. The better place, go look this, go Google it, not not until after this video, is Se Grove. Very close. It's in the 38

00:05:53
area. a little bit more secluded, better coffee shop. Shout out to BT Bean. Go check them out while you're there. It's a really great coffee shop. I don't even drink coffee, but I like going there. Trend number two, the ambassador social proof. So, brands will barely use influencers. I think this is a big trend. Now, they're going to use them differently, but they will build trust faster than most other brands do while not using an influencer. So, I spoke with a brand, was it last week, who paid

00:06:20
a guy $600 for one post and it did absolutely nothing for her brand. And this is just one of the many stories that I hear every single week. There is no reason today in 2026 for a brand that is seven figures and below to pay someone to post for you. Especially, like I said, especially if you're not doing more than a million dollars per year, do not even worry about it. I'm going to tell you with you what you should be doing instead. All right. So, what I'm more interested in is called an

00:06:48
ambassador funnel. This is going to be more important and is going to create a better community for you than an influencer. So, an influencer by definition is somebody who has influence. I I get that. However, total followers, right? So, followers, if you are familiar to the online space or maybe you're new or maybe you are uh sleeping under a rock, I don't know. But followers do not equal sales. Okay? You can go check this out. You can fact check me right now, right? Go to somebody with 200,000 followers and they

00:07:22
may get more views than you. There's some brands that have 5, 10,000 followers that are getting more views than people with 200,000. You've got to go after the people of influence, not necessarily follower count. What's better for a brand to get to seven figures or even their first, you know, multi-million dollar month or sorry, multi-million dollar year? Million month too as well. But what's a better way? I would rather do this on multiple layers. So layer number one for the ambassador,

00:07:49
I want to create an offer that is so irresistible that I could run an ad to that person that would look something like this, like, hey, we're looking for ambassadors or influencers, however you want to look at it, right? We doesn't really matter. The the term is kind of interchangeable, if you will. But I'm looking for people who would check out my brand and I want them to go to a page and I want them to say, "Yes, I am interested in being a part of your brand. I think this is cool." You go up

00:08:19
here and you say, "Okay, I'm going after the the micro niche of a person. I think that's great." So, you're like, "Awesome. I want to go after the women in slow fashion who really love to sell dresses. That's for me. I'm going to create an ambassador funnel. If you love dresses, great. I'm gonna ask them to do one thing first, which is give me money. Why is that? So many of you guys are like, "Nobody will ever do it." Trust me, we've already been doing this. It

00:08:43
does work. Give them money. Give them a great discount, right? So, give them the 20% off, maybe the 30% off if they become an ambassador. But if they are going to love your product, the last thing is you want to do is to give somebody a product they don't really care about. And then you get the videos where like, "Yeah, I really like the shirt. It's like black and it's uh cotton I think and you should buy it because they gave it to me for free. Like you don't want that. I want

00:09:09
somebody to buy the product. I want them to wear it. I want them to love it. You get money on the front end. So you got front-end sales. Then comes part two, which is I want them to get an affiliate code. We suggest something called Goof Pro. It's a app in the Shopify store. It is free 100%. You can use that. I think you can pay to do something that's a little bit more premium. Obviously, most apps do, but go apro. Give them an affiliate code. Let's call her Stacy. So, Stacy over here is very happy

00:09:37
because she bought your product and she's like, I love this. I love the product. She goes over to her social, which at this demo, let's say it's 25 to 35 year old, and it's like new moms, and she's posting in a Facebook group or in a text chain or wherever, and she's telling people, "You've got to check out these products over here." She sends them the link, she has a link here, she gets a kickback. Cool. Let's give her 15% of net sales and then let's pay her

00:10:07
out. So, she bought a product on the front end, so you're making money. She introduces you to her friends, so you make more money off of that. She gets a kickback from it. The third way that you can do this is that she doesn't necessarily tell her friends about it, but maybe she actually is good in creating content and so then she does this over on Instagram or Tik Tok and then she uses her affiliate link that way. Okay, you can do like a Tik Tok shop, whatever. I don't care on that.

00:10:34
But I want them to buy the first time because the last thing I want to do is sell a product to somebody or give a product away to somebody who isn't actually going to like it. Okay? So, if you go super if you go super micro niche to your audience and then you offer them a great deal and they're like, "Look, I would buy this anyway." You give them a great deal and then you continue to nurture them and help curate a relationship with them and say, "Hey, look, you are an ambassador with us now.

00:11:02
you're an influencer, a part of this brand, we're going to give you perks, right? Maybe they sell a certain amount and you give them something for free, but then they create content or they share with their friends and then they get a kickback from it as well. This does really well for the brands that have a price point at $200 or below. If you have a higherend price point or you're selling wedding dresses or things like that, a little bit less likely, but you can still get an affiliate system if

00:11:26
you'd like. But this is a big move that I'm seeing right now. Next up is SEO. So number three, SEO. So it used to be and a lot of people have changed the terms here, but like SEO was search engine optimization. Now it is more of a search everywhere optimization. This is the most underrated growth channel that's going to be that I'm going to be talking about today. And it doesn't cost you at most of the time literally anything. Let me give you some examples here. I'm going

00:11:54
to do this for a leggings brand. We work with a lot of uh athletic brands. This is what you would have done previously. Let me pull. All right. So, the first thing you want to do, right, is have answer first content. Okay, we'll talk about some specifics here as well. This is the old way you would do something that is like the best leggings for working out. We do not want to do that any more. Okay, this is what we want to do instead. The new way. What makes leggings squatproof and not roll down? So, so like I said

00:12:31
previously, you used to search this the best leggings for working out. Super competitive. Good luck trying to rank for that today versus right the new way AI picking it up in these places. And we'll talk about the specifics here in a second. What makes leggings squatproof and not roll down? All right. What you need to do now is create a brand entity and not just a website. I'm going to give you an example here as well. All right. All right, so this means that your brand needs to show up consistently

00:12:57
across the internet, but it needs to be specific to each platform. For example, for Google, this is going to be blog or product pages. For YouTube, going to be long form or short form content. You want to show up on podcasts. Big one right now is Reddit. AI is loving scrolling Reddit. There's a lot of conversations, a lot of people just naturally flowing, answering things inside of there like Reddit. Other ones would be like Kora. And one that we haven't actually talked about a lot is email archives. So you can put these

00:13:24
email archives on your website as well. I would say one of the biggest mistakes that people make is that they think that AI, so they're going to ask AI, they're going to ask JGPT, they're going to ask Claude, they're going to ask Gemini, write me a blog post about this based off of what I just told you on this video or what you asked. And you're like, all right, I'm going to ask AI to give me examples of what to use for AI to write blog posts. The last thing you want to do is that you have to still

00:13:47
have an understanding. And you can ask AI to give you insight, but what you want is native search, not repurposed content. Okay? Like I said, it's got to be specific to those platforms. So let's give an example here. So for Google, we could do something like, okay, so that would be Google. For YouTube AI, okay, so you want clear definitions. Be much more clear with what you're doing. Don't just word pack you like just keywordrich stuff and just like putting like I serve these areas or tons of words like

00:14:21
leggings all over a page. That's not going to help you. That's not going to make you any money. So I want you to remember this phrase. SEO today is about being the clearest explainer across as many platforms as possible. If I could answer this in the simplest way possible and for the best way for you to use SEO, answer your customers problems. Plain and simple. If you answer their problems and you do so online, whether it's an Instagram or a YouTube or a blog post, answer their questions in depth and be

00:14:55
clear. Be very, very clear about that. All right. All right. So, if this is starting to make sense, but you want to go deeper on your own brand, schedule a free strategy call with me and my team by clicking the link below. The spots are limited, so go do that right now. We're going to see more onetoone personalization. The more someone feels like they are talking directly to you, the higher the chance that they buy. Okay, so for one to one personalization, these are the main ones that we are

00:15:20
seeing where real money is being made. These are in no particular order of importance. I would just do them all. All right. So, number one is DMs. No matter where it's at, we've actually seen a lot of them coming from Facebook, but Facebook DMs, Instagram DMs, that's one. Number two, the personalization email. You guys may be saying, I'm sending out broadcasts. I'm sending out all these emails. Like, I'm already doing these things. And it's like, well, yes, you are. But can you do it more

00:15:48
specifically? Right? Let's say you wear hats. And let's say somebody buys a rope hat and then somebody else buys an athletic line hat, right? or or something that's, you know, completely different than the rope pad. You want to put them down on two different paths, right? Give this person more of the rope hat. Give this person more of the athletic line. Give them more of what they already want. If you sell shoes and they wear size 10, don't give them any more products that are about size seven.

00:16:12
It doesn't matter anymore. Show them 10. Okay? So, email, you can get more personalized. I want you to do that. Most people, most brands that we work with and we speak to, they've got so many emails. They just don't talk to their customers. They just ignore them. Okay? Don't be those people. SMS still powerful, great driver of revenue, not necessarily the most on profit, but as you know with SMS, right? Again, same approach up here. Personalize segment. Now, we can kind of get into the more

00:16:42
fun ones. Okay, so I would say broadcast. This is new. If you're on Instagram and you're clothing brand, you should definitely check out what broadcast is. You can pull it out. Basically, it's your ability to have DM type of access to everybody who joins your community. So, it's a community of people inside of Instagram and you're just saying, "Hey, what's going on?" I send voice messages and hours all the time. I say all the time. Try to do a couple times a week a voice message to

00:17:08
be real with people. You guys can use that as well. Broadcast. And again, I'm going to say this here. This is through Instagram. Personalize more approach there. Okay? It's a little bit less personalized than if you're doing a onetoone DM, but still possible. So, number five is Minihat. If you do not know what Minihat is, it's an automation tool. Okay, if somebody comments on your video, and you may have seen it, right? So, let's say there's a video somebody comments on and they just leave the word

00:17:34
dog and you are a clothing brand that loves animals. And so, everybody who wears your product loves dogs and all of your t-shirts are all dogs, too. and you're teaching people how to train their first puppy, whatever. So, they comment the word dog through a comment. Then you can do an autoresponder to the comment and after that comment, you can also simultaneously DM them and ask them and say, "Hey, what's your email?" They'll give you their email. You'll be able to say, "Sweet, that's great.

00:18:04
Thanks for the email. I just emailed it over to you." You now give them the resource because they are now DMing with you. You can also send them messages back. you can take over instead of the mini chat. And what this does is it gives you at scale, let's just say a thousand people watch this video. You got a 100 people who comment. You got 50 people who give you their email address down here. You can now DM back and forth with 50 people who are likely your ideal customer that you can talk to onetoone.

00:18:34
That is the opportunity for most brands. And some of you guys are like, "Wow, that's a lot of work." And absolutely that is true. Minihat makes it easier. DMs make it easier, right? Email makes it a little bit easier. Like all these tools make it easier. But the onetoone, the more that we see the AI, the more that somebody can talk to a real person, have real conversation, that's how you're going to build. If you can have a real conversation with somebody, they start to really get to understand you.

00:18:59
And that is exactly what we're going to talk about here in a second, which is long for content. Clothing brands for the most part, um, street wear has done well with this, but most boutique owners, most private label businesses, they don't do really well in long form. Short form is great to catch attention, but long form content builds a parasocial relationship. I'm going to define this and then I'm going to explain it. So it says, "A parasocial relationship is a one-sided bond where a

00:19:26
person develops a strong emotional connection, feelings or intimacy, friendship with a media figure, celebrity, influencer, fictional, blah blah blah." But my point is with long- form content, your goal is to have a parasocial relationship or I don't want it to seem like an intimate type of relationship. I'm not going that route, but I want people to feel like they actually know who you are. And if you can spend enough time with that person, they will see your man anorisms. They will see your tonality. If you do, if

00:19:55
they let you into a little bit of their world, you'll start to feel like you actually know this person even though they do not know you. What is this beneficial for? Right? So, imagine a parasocial relationship paired with one-on-one into a very specific niche. You've now created a community online where thousands of people feel like they know you. If they feel like they know you then and they actually like you, they will trust you. What comes before a purchase? Trust. After this trust, you

00:20:28
can make sales. There is a way that you could use this for evil. I would not suggest that you do that. I'm talking about building and fostering good relationships. relationships where it's beneficial to them because you're selling them a product, right, that you believe in this moisture awakening shirt, my faith, my love for Texas, my love for community, whatever it may be. You're selling them on that because you want them to be a part of this world, which is world building, whole another

00:20:56
conversation, probably a whole another build, whole another video. The whole point is that you create a community of people who are in a micro niche that you can have onetoone type of relationship where they feel like it's a onetoone type of relationship where you can create a parasocial relationship where people trust you and believe in you in a world where there's so much AI and you cannot trust somebody. Long- form content will build that trust. I think there was a video and it's a very short

00:21:25
story but there's a video where he was on Dire CEO and he was interviewing somebody and if you're a business owner not listening to Dire CEO shout out to them go listen but he was interviewing somebody at I can't remember it was like some some kind of famous like athlete and it was at a football game soccer football European football not American football and into the stadium they basically had like these athletes come out they had these movie stars come out they were very well known and they were

00:21:53
started getting good cheers, right? The the athletes got a little bit, the movie stars got a little bit more. Then you get the short form like content influencers, they got a little bit more than that. They got some really good cheers there. And then you started to get into the podcasters where there was like a very loud roar. And then you get to the streamers and the place went nuts. And what is this? This is an example of people who spend the most amount of time with a certain group of people. So those streamers sometimes

00:22:23
they're streaming for 5 6 7 hours. So imagine the relationships that they're building there. Podcasters if depending on the podcast could be 30 minutes to 3 hours. Very long relationship. Short form content, you've got to do hundreds and hundreds of pieces of content for somebody to develop a relationship. Whereas one podcast that's 30 minutes and you watch 15 minutes of it, that's so much time with one person where they believe they're your potential customers, the person on the other side

00:22:51
believe that they're developing a relationship with you, which we talked about, right? If they trust you, they're much more likely to purchase.

