00:00:00
So I talked to a founder today who's crushing it, the wholesale side of things. But his direct to consumer brain was bleeding cash. Why? Because he kept creating and launching new collections even when they weren't profitable. That's the blind spot most creative founders have. They get so close to the business that they can't see what's really slowing the growth and the truth. Getting to seven figures isn't about working harder or launching more. It's about specific accelerators

00:00:24
that determine whether you scale in 12 months or four years. So in this video, I'm going to break down for you the two part framework and show you how top brains are using this right now to grow faster with less chaos. This is part one of the foundations. Number one is your audience. I used to have documents and I still do. And actually we still give those documents out. They basically took people from a struggling avatar to a unique solution to a future pace hero. Every single clothing brand must solve a problem

00:00:52
if they are not solving a problem. It's going to be very difficult to sell. I've been teaching this for a very long time, and I think people are starting to finally get that. They must solve a problem. Instead of using those three documents, I actually created this messaging framework. It is all about trying to figure out what message can you serve and share with your audience, but you must know who your audience is. Help me understand who my audience is. It will walk you through the three stages

00:01:19
I just spoke about. It's also going to give you some feedback here based off of this. Right. So your audience is not everyone. It's an identity they already feel. Identify the struggling avatar who they are now. So their problem. What apparel is the perfect vehicle for this audience? Again, that's the apparel that you have created. How is it solving that problem? And then your unique solution, why you specifically why your brand over somebody else is you have to understand that. So it's going to ask you questions.

00:01:47
You're going to give this GPT the answers to those questions. It's going to help you identify your audience. If we don't figure this out, nothing else in this video matters. And I promise you, the accelerators that we're going to talk about in part two make everything possible. However, without the foundations, it doesn't make sense. You would go through this, you would fill it out, you would share your information. It will help you understand how you're going to take somebody

00:02:13
with a problem by offering your clothing as a, as a solution. And then life afterwards. Okay. So that's the one audience here. The other thing we need to do is an offer. Okay. And ironically I created a GPT for this as well. This is called the offer optimizer. This is a spreadsheet that we used to have that brains were able to fill out and put information in to figure out what is actually going to be a profitable offer. To clarify, because we say this a lot inside of our walls, inside of here right now,

00:02:46
but I don't think it's this clear on the internet. An offer is not a discount. It can be a discount. But the way that I look at it is what is the value that you can give to a customer, potential customer that helps them or pushes them over the edge to make a purchase? This offer optimizer does that okay. Help me design right now. We just went through Black Friday, so I still had that up here. Just so you guys are clear. So the Black Friday here and we'll do a different prompt. But help me create an irresistible offer.

00:03:17
So irresistible as somebody who is my target audience, if they saw my offer, they would take action. It's actually what is needed to scale another part of this. I need these inputs. What is your average order value? What's your cost of goods? What are your gross assumptions? What are your cost per acquisition currently? Give this type of information in here. Basically, what I said was, hey, assume these numbers because I want to share it in the YouTube video. So they're making all these assumptions for us,

00:03:42
and I'll show you what it kind of looks like as far as a breakdown and a scenario here. So premium, it's, price per 60 bucks. Here we go. The bad offer. Everyone runs right. 25% off sitewide hurts them. Irresistible offer. Buy three, get one. I don't love that too much. What I also had to do was basically, if it's a good offer, give me a green light. If it's a yellow, I'm kind of like a mid. Give me, give me the yellow. Sorry if it's not a good offer for me to use, use an X.

00:04:14
So based off of my margins, 20% off sitewide should not do it. A good offer for me, 15% off of 150. Get it? It's a good offer, but a buy three get one free good offer right? You have to put in your own numbers for this. Obviously these are just made up numbers, but you need to have that. So one audience, one offer, one clear message okay. Your message should be very straightforward. So the framework for this is that we help who go from blaming problem to outcome with mechanism. Why did you do this clothing.

00:04:50
So they can core benefit use that framework to help with this. Now I put this on here for a different brand. So we help women to hate adjusting their leggings. Go from uncomfortable distracting workouts to confident, locked in training with sweat proof leggings designed to stay put so they can focus on their workout and not their outfit. Plug in play for you. Figure out what your message is. Who are you going after? That avatar? So important. The next piece is traffic. So many people confuse organic and paid.

00:05:23
They are the same thing. The only slight difference is that paid you spend money on but it's content. And 2026 and beyond. We are going to see this a lot more. Where content is content is content. There will not be ad content and there will not be organic content. It will just be content. And so you must do both. You must create good organic content to nurture the relationship, to show up, to add social proof. Because social proof is the biggest lever that you can use to do it to create trust,

00:05:55
which then generates sales. So you must do organic and you must do pay. This fourth one of the foundation. Number four, you must have a winning product. It is very difficult in the next 12 months to get to seven figures without a winning product. I don't care if it's a t shirt, I don't care if it's hat, I don't care if it's a jacket. Create content organic and paid and put that out there. Figure out what is your winning product. One of the accelerators is going to make all of this makes so much more sense.

00:06:22
I promise you will. It will make sense here in a second, but you must find a winning product. If you do not, you'll continue to jump exactly like I talked about in the very beginning of this video. From product to collection to product to collection, and you are going to burn through your capital and eventually close those doors. I'm not saying this to be mean. I'm saying this because I don't want you to get to that position. This last one is very, very difficult. Most people absolutely ignore it.

00:06:48
They believe that they're different. They believe they're a unicorn, and they believe what I'm saying to them is real, but it doesn't apply to them. So if that's you, you've got some level of hubris going on. You can tackle the world and and nobody else is like you. Don't worry, Mr. Unicorn. I hear you. But this is the hardest part. Laser focus for one year, 12 months to get to seven figures only happens on a straight line, not zig zagging all over the place, not doing wholesale

00:07:14
and direct to consumer, not doing men and women and not marketing to kids, men and women. Not marketing. As a streetwear brand who also sells a bunch of candles like you can't do all of those things, you've got to pick one. This is the foundation here. So that's the framework needed. And I truly believe everyone who follows that framework can hit seven figures. The difference between doing it in 12 months or four years is simple. It is the accelerators that is the difference. But first I wanted to say a quick

00:07:43
hey, howdy and hello. So my name is Aaron and alongside my business partner, my team, we scale clothing brands. We create systems and processes so that you can hit your goals, whether that is to quit your job or to provide a better life for your family. If you found any value in this video so far, please hit that like and subscribe. It is free and if you do this in the next three seconds, I will share with you my prediction for the NCAA football playoffs. Who will win it? And honestly, I think it's going to be Georgia.

00:08:10
This is before any games happen. All right. Part two accelerators. This is the fun stuff. However, if you jump to this part of the video and you ignored the foundation, it's not going to work. The accelerators are the different and I don't think I've ever talked about this in a video. So the four accelerators, the difference between 12 months and four years. Number one speed of iteration, how fast you learn and adjust is huge. This is the number one accelerator. What it looks like in practice weekly

00:08:39
creative testing not monthly. Most people are like, oh well, my creative is working. I'll just keep plugging away at 20, 30, $50 a day. It's like, no, you need to be able to scale. The only way to scale is through creative. Creative. Does the targeting specifically on meta, Facebook and Instagram. You have got to come up with creative every single week. You're getting rid of low performers and ones that are not spending weekly creative testing, not monthly. You're also focused on rapid

00:09:06
offer tweaks. Okay, based off of data, you're using this offer optimizer. You're testing your offers. You're figuring out what works. You are killing the losers fast. What I mean by that is literally if an ad is not spending or it is costing you money, you get rid of it. You're doubling down on what shows signal early signal. I'm just saying, hey, look, if it is working, put money behind it. Do not wait. Set up system so that you're more predictable with your ads every single day.

00:09:33
And it's 5% every single day. Great. Go up by 5%, but doubled down when you see something that is working okay, it doesn't mean you actually double. I'm just saying do more of it if you want access to figuring out who your audience is, just comment the word avatar down below and I'll send it over to you. If you want to figure out what offer is going to be profitable for your business, just comment the word offer down below and I will send it over to you as well. Most brands don't fail, they just move

00:09:57
way too slow. The good thing is for you, the market rewards speed, not perfection. We see this all the time. Accelerator number two capital deployment. You do not have to be rich to get to $1 million, but capital deployment is how aggressively you reinvest because you cannot scale on vibes. I get this all the time. Like, oh yeah, I just got good vibes off of this. It's like, what the heck does that even mean? This includes the willingness to spend through volatility, comfort with short term inefficiency

00:10:24
in ordering inventory before the certainty, reinvesting profit instead of paying yourself early. If you are looking to pay yourself early, it's going to be very difficult to get to seven figures in 12 months because you have to reinvest. Seven figure brands don't protect cash. They they deploy it. This doesn't mean reckless spending. It means disciplined aggression. There's a guy I cannot remember his name, but he was just talking about these, like, entrepreneurs are not risky. They're really not.

00:10:52
But everybody believes that they take so many risks. However, they have most of the information to make a calculated decision that looks like risk from the outside, but really, they play safe all the time because they know a game that most people don't, right? It means disciplined aggression. It means that you are focused on not reckless spending or on the outside. It looks like a reckless, but on the inside, because you know your numbers and you've moved so quickly, it's a no brainer to bet on yourself.

00:11:22
So the third accelerator is one that most founders ignore because it's hard. They don't want to do it, and it's easier to do other things and to focus on areas that don't really matter. But let me share with you how to make the most out of the work you put in for this. First out, hold up one second. I want to say that if you are a clothing brand owner and you want a real person to review your brand and chat through strategy that has already been proven to work, you can schedule a free strategy

00:11:47
call with us. Just check out the link in the description down below. There are obviously limited spots, but go do that right now. All right, so the third accelerator is distribution leverage. How much reach you get per dollar of effort okay. So paid ads alone rarely get you there fast anymore. So getting to seven figures is possible. You will need ads. You can do without it. But very very cool. Especially in 12 months. This accelerator includes user generated content. You need multiple people and you need velocity of this.

00:12:18
You basically need a lot of people to create user generated content. A lot is a very subjective term. Honestly, you could probably do with ten, 15, 20 people doing TikTok shop. You could have even more, but I'm more interested in the like diehard relationships that you create or somebody on your team creates or a virtual assistant creates so that the content creator knows who you are. I believe in the personal relationship. I believe in the knowing your brand mission and being aligned with your brand,

00:12:44
not just some random person who creates content for you, but like a diehard person you are going to take care of financially who has buy in from the brand creators, affiliates, ambassadors all of them are great options for you to use to continue to get in front of more people. That doesn't require you as much. I love organic, organic content over here. Feeding the paid. If organic is doing well, you feed that into paid. It works. It has worked for a very long time. Email and SMS amplifying every single launch. Communicating.

00:13:17
We suggest once you get to a thousand people, 2 to 3 emails a week, if you got more than 4 or 5 6000 emails, really look at it 3 to 4 emails a week. Segmentation. But speaking directly to the customer, a potential customer every single week. SMS 1 or 2 a week. As soon as you get to a couple hundred, use a tool like mini chat. I got a link in the description for mini chat, but for mini chat you really, really want to create good content that gets people on your email list. I think I got a whole other video on

00:13:46
exactly how to use it, but you can use mini chat. I think there's like a free month down below in the description. You can use that and you can create good content to have people comment, and then you DM them and message them and say, hey, hope you liked this content. I hope it was helpful for you. I know you have a brand. This is about working out right so you could create a brand that's working out somebody who's getting into running. You give them a free running plan through mini chat,

00:14:08
and then obviously offer them the apparel that you sell for running. Okay, so it's very powerful to use something like mini chat. If you've never heard of it, just go Google it. Or like I said, check out the link in the description is very, very powerful. Amplify it, use it. This is not a video mini chat, but just a little insight. One thing that you must know the bright is that distribution multiplies traffic. The best brands build reach before they build efficiency. You will get efficient.

00:14:34
The fourth accelerator operational readiness how well the brand holds under pressure growth brakes weak systems and this includes really the fulfillment clarity customer service systems. What are you using inventory planning. Are you using like a three pack? Are you doing this out of your house? Are you doing this out of a garage? Do you have your own systems? Simple SKUs early make a lot of sense. You've got to have a system. Ops don't create growth, but they do determine how far the growth can go.

00:15:04
If you want to put gas on the fire, then you have to go watch this video. I'm using Instagram ads to scale your clothing brand right here. Next I have a great resource your Day. Thank you so much for watching. I will see you next time. And P.S. make sure you subscribe!

