00:00:00
All right. So, in this video, we're going to go over my 300K drop playbook. Like, most people don't think about drops in the way that I'm about to show you. They kind of just one and done, you know, post their stuff, [snorts] tease the product a little bit, and that's about it, right? I'm going to show you the full playbook on what my brand does so that you can copy the exact same thing uh right now. But before I get into that, if you haven't yet, subscribe for more content because I literally

00:00:26
just break down all of the things that I know that has gotten us to millions of dollars per year, got us our silver Shopify bag, and even landed us on the Inc. 5000 list for 2025. So, you're really going to be learning stuff that most like brand scalers that are on the internet aren't going to even know just because they haven't actually scaled a brand. they usually just end up spending most of their time being a brand scaler versus actually growing a business in clothing, e-commerce, any of that stuff.

00:00:56
So, we're going to contrast really quickly like what is a normie drop and what is a drop that actually converts. So, a normie drop is obviously just like what you know the brand scalers kind of teach people to do uh because they're just either lazy or they don't know how to actually do this. And then drops that convert are the people that where you see those huge brands that really think through everything and build a legacy around their brand, have a cult following and do everything right. So

00:01:25
for normie brands, you're going to hear them say something along the lines of join my list for early access. Right? Early access means nothing now. It's been completely like bastardized at this point where everyone just says it but it really doesn't mean [ __ ] It doesn't actually mean anything. Getting early access to your brand doesn't mean [ __ ] because no one's like buying it out anyway. We're going to show you ways to give people reasons to actually join your list and give a [ __ ] And that's

00:01:52
just not one way to do it. Then they also tease for like 2 months. I don't know if it's because they're trying to like find out if the product is going to sell or not, but if your brand is done right and people actually care about the brand, you can pretty much drop I wouldn't say whatever you want cuz obviously if it's really mid, no, no one's going to really care. But you can drop like not the best [ __ ] product ever and people will still buy it because they like your brand. That's if

00:02:21
you're doing everything right. But if you're teasing for 2 months and you're just wasting all this time, everyone's going to forget about it. Like those people that saw it 2 months ago, they're not going to remember what's going on at all. They're not going to remember it. And so don't tease your products for like ever. Maximum tease it for like 2 weeks out or something because that's like the maximum amount of time span that people can actually remember [ __ ]

00:02:46
on the internet. And [snorts] the next thing is like there's no incentive to actually buy on drop day. People try and make and manufacture this hype around their clothing like it sells out right away. And people are so keen to that now that they just don't care. And to be completely honest, unless your product is like absolutely needed, it doesn't really matter to anyone when your product's going to sell out. They're just like, "Okay, and let it sell out then. Like, I don't need another t-shirt

00:03:15
that that has like a screen print on it." They don't need another one. So, you want to give them actual incentive to buy on drop day. And I'm going to show you how to do that as well. Now, there's also no incentive to share the fact that they bought from you. And then they usually have like a oneanddone post strategy where it's like they tease for a little bit unplanned. And then they say live now, unplanned, and then they maybe have one or two other posts about that product and it's like unplanned.

00:03:45
And so, we're going to show you how [snorts] to plan everything. By the way, if you hear stuff going on in the background, it's because my my girlfriend is cooking while I'm making my videos for the week. So, drops that convert, realistically, they tease less and they hype more. So, teasing really only comes through like behind the scenes on stories. Like, I wouldn't really take up a tile on your feed for that. It's really just like behindthe-scenes stuff. a a person who's

00:04:13
landing on on your brand for the first time and sees your feed is not going to care about if you're teasing a a new product. What you want to be doing is have a a focused content strategy that just is working on the background and then you do drops on top of it. And so your drops aren't like your entire content strategy. And so you don't have to like tease for two months like I said before. You have like actual content coming out and then you can tease like on your stories or whatever. just like

00:04:40
stuff that you're working on, right? And we're going to hype more like the actual hype campaign, the actual planned campaign around your drops is what you're posting more. Then we're also going to focus on getting people to camp the site. We want people to be waiting on the site for your products to drop. I'm going to show you how to do that. Then we want to incentivize people to brag about their purchases, and we want to post more than once. So, we're going to find all the ways that you can post a

00:05:10
bunch about this drop that isn't just you. Like, it's other people, like people who are buying from the drop. And then we're going to make it literally impossible for your consumer to win if they aren't on your list. So, it's not just like join my list for early access. It's like no, you won't get certain stuff period at all if you don't join our list. Very exclusive marketing and that's what we're going to be going into. So, I'm going to break down exactly how to do this in my three-step

00:05:41
process for actually doing drops that really convert well. Now, before I do that, if you want me to help you actually build this out for your brand one-on-one with me, you can click the link in the description and join my 30-day mentorship program. Now, I'll help you build out all the stuff that's in this training, plus more. Let's kind of stay on track. So, before I start talking about too much other [ __ ] now this is my drop sequence. This is a drop sequence that when I tell people to

00:06:09
implement it, say it's like a medium-sized brand or like some brand that has a little bit of motion and they plug this into their brand, it absolutely crushes it because this is stuff that we've tested over 6 years with this brand. And we come back to this every time that we want a drop to really, really pop. And so what we've got here is a three-stage plan. Stage one is three days out, you're going to be doing a three-part hype campaign. And this is going to be storybased. We're

00:06:39
going to drop one, two, and three posts. They can be videos or whatever. But it's going to be 3 days out, you're going to do one, two days out, you're going to do another one, and then the day before the drop, you're going to do the last one. And each of these are pushing people to join your list. This is where the actual hype comes in. and you're going to focus on getting people to join your list on this. And then so from here, that's where you're going to do stage two,

00:07:04
which is the day of the drop. The day that it's actually dropping, you're going to run this framework, which is the one of 10 special giveaway. Now, this is basically just a giveaway that you're going to give to the first 10 people who purchase from your drop. So, you you announce on Instagram, on your stories, and to your text list, your SMS list, or your email list as well. you know, a few hours before the drop goes live, you say, "Hey, the first 10 people or five people or whatever works for

00:07:32
your brand, the first 10 people who order from our drop, they're going to get this item, some sort of collectible item. Maybe it's a hat or a keychain or whatever it ends up being for your brand, you're going to get this item and it will never be produced again and it will never be sold again. There's only going to be 10 of them made, right? Or 10 of them in circulation or whatever you really want." So you create that collectibility around that item. And so the people that are on your list that

00:07:59
are starting to become a fan of your brand, they'll be wanting to literally camp the site for that item. And we literally when we would run this for our brand, we would have people in our Discord strategizing how to literally beat each other to be the, you know, the first person to buy because we actually used to number them like one of 10, two of 10, three of 10, four of 10. And so people literally like camp on the site. And we had one dude that like made a um a strategy where he would use the shop

00:08:26
app to like hit the button like 2 seconds before the drop actually went live and it would automatically add it to cart and then he would be like always the first person. I think he got like three times where he was the first person to, you know, get this special item. And this is one of the this is probably the best way to get that cult following around your brand where there's like people who are collectors of your brand. Just this one thing that you do on drop day can revolutionize the way that your drops work. And so this is

00:08:54
like sauce. In fact, if this video gets too big, I'm going to take it down cuz it's like that's that right there is huge. So stage three is when it's actually live. So you're going to have people who buy your drop. And when people buy your drop, you should have you should incentivize people to share their order confirmation. They're not obviously going to have their product yet, but you can still capitalize on people purchasing from your brand by incentivizing them to share their order

00:09:26
confirmation by doing something that I call the FOMO promo. And the way that we do it is we'll deliver an email and we'll also have on the order confirmation page a video that says screenshot this page because we're giving three of the customers who share their confirmation page on Instagram and tag us. We're giving a full refund to three of those people. So, it's another giveaway in a sense, but you're just doing the whole like refund strategy that used to be like meta in 2019 or

00:10:03
2018, but now with this, you're doing it kind of enclosed in the people who buy. And so, the general customer is not seeing that incentivization, but they're seeing a bunch of people start to share their order confirmations. And so when you repost them because they tagged you on your sto on their story, the people who are just kind of watching and like thinking about buying from you, they see that and they get that FOMO of like, oh [ __ ] like a lot of people are buying right now. If I actually want to get

00:10:35
this thing, I have to go buy it now. And so the combination of these three stages is so powerful that just run this for your next drop and you'll see if you have like a brand with any level of motion at all. This is going to drastically increase your results because people are actually going to give a [ __ ] when you drop. They're actually going to care about collecting your products and they're actually going to become part of like your cult around your brand. So that's my 300K drop

00:11:06
playbook. my framework that I use to to just kill it on every drop. So, if you want to work one-on-one with me to build this out for your brand, you can click the link that's in the description and join my 30-day mentorship program. We've got some clients in there and they've been working one-on-one with me for their brands and it's been working really well. So, go ahead and do that and subscribe for more. I I'm going to be obviously dropping content like this a couple times a week. So, you know,

00:11:36
subscribe, put the notification bell on, and uh that's that. I'll see you in other videos and thank you for watching this

