00:00:00
What is up, YouTube? Today, I will be showing you guys how to sell out your first drop as a brand owner or really just any drop in general. I'm not here to give you guys any type of fluff, so let's get right into it. First, you want to make sure your sample is finalized with your manufacturer. That means the product is ready to be on the market and ready to be sold. Once you have your product finalized with your manufacturer, now you want to figure out whether or not you want to do a pre-made

00:00:21
or pre-order drop. Now, pre-order being that you take the sample, promote the sample, drop it on your website, and then you take the money from your sales, take that money, and you use it for your bulk order with your manufacturer, and now your customer is waiting 3 to four to 5 weeks to get the product made and shipped. With pre-made, it's the complete opposite where you are investing into this inventory at first, then you drop the product, and then your customer is able to get it in a decent

00:00:44
amount of time. Personally, if you guys ask for my opinion, pre-made is the way to go. And the reason why I say this is because think about what I said with pre-order. your customer is waiting 3 to four to 5 weeks for their product. If you're a new brand and nobody really knows about you, it's not really a good look for customers to be waiting 3 to four to 5 weeks for their product because you're a new brand, right? You want to make sure you have that number one customer satisfaction. So, you want

00:01:04
to make sure that your drop is pre-made so that you have all of your items in front of you before you drop and your customer is able to get their product in a decent amount of time, 3, four, 5 days, however long it takes you to ship the actual item. Like I say all the time, man, customers are used to Amazon and Tik Tok shop nowadays, right? People's attention spans are so short that they're not willing to wait 3 to four to 5 weeks for a product unless you're a bigger company like a Supreme

00:01:28
or Nike or Gucci, Louis, whatever it is. Those type of companies can do pre-orders because they already have value within their brand. For you, again, a new upcoming brand, it's a better look for you to just do pre-made and allow your customers to get their product in a decent amount of time. Next, in order to be proactive and kind of think ahead of time, you want to ask your manufacturer how much for a certain amount of pieces. So, if you're starting off your pre-made drop of 50 pieces,

00:01:50
which is the ideal number to start off with with your pre-made drops, and it's also theQ's for a manufacturer. They're not going to do anything less than 50 pieces, most of the time. After you get your sample made, your sample is finalized, and you actually have your sample in your hand, you want to ask your manufacturer, "How much for 50 pieces?" Because those are the amount of pieces you're going to get on that first drop. Then you want to ask them how much for 150 pieces. And the price is not

00:02:11
going to be the same because the more pieces that you order from your manufacturer, the cheaper the product is going to be. So if you're getting a hoodie for $20 at 50 pieces, you're probably going to get it for $18 at 100 pieces and then $16 for 150 pieces. That's just ballpark estimate answers, but you can get the exact direct answer from your manufacturer. And the only reason why I tell you guys to be proactive and actually ask your manufacturer these types of questions before you drop is because once you sell

00:02:36
out your drop, and I'm telling you right now, you're going to sell out your drop, especially after you watch this video. You want to take the profits from that drop and get even more pieces. So, you got 50 pieces at first. Cool. You sold to 50 people. Hooray. But 50 people is nothing but a neighborhood or half of a neighborhood. To be honest with you, there's 8 billion people in this world. And a lot of brand owners believe that, oh, I sold out this drop. I'm ready to go on to the next product. Yeah, that's

00:02:59
cool. That's fine. But I want the most amount of people to know about my brand as possible. So, if I was able to sell out 50 pieces, I'm pretty sure I can sell out 100 pieces, right? Because after I sold out those 50, I can guarantee you they're going to be an extra 50 people wanting that actual product that you just sold out of. That's why I say ask your manufacturer for a price point at those certain amount of specific pieces. Now that everything is finalized with your manufacturer, your sample, how many

00:03:24
pieces it's going to be for 50, 100, 150, whatever it is, whether or not you want to do pre-made or pre-order, what I am going to tell you guys is that while you guys are getting your sample made, you want to make sure that you're creating a content schedule. Now, if you already have your sample in your hand and this is the exact product that you want to drop and you haven't created your content schedule yet, that's perfectly fine. Just know moving forward that while you're getting your sample

00:03:45
made, you want to make sure you're creating a content schedule while that sample is being made, right? because my students and even other brand owners will come up to me and say, "Hey, my sample is being made. I have nothing to do." There's always something to do when it comes to owning a business. And one of those things is creating your content schedule. So, your content schedule should consist of four different types of content. Professional content, which is mostly for your website to give it

00:04:07
that premium feel. So, it's more of a studio backdrop photo shoot focusing on product, focusing on models, focusing on outfits, but a clean background strictly for your website. Then, you want to tackle lifestyle content. Lifestyle content is real people in real scene curating to the aesthetic of your brand. So whatever scene outside lifestyle, cars, uh it could be a basketball court or golf course or whatever it is, whatever the aesthetic of your brand is, you want to find a lifestyle background

00:04:35
to match the aesthetic of your brand. That's basically what lifestyle content is. And then number three would have to be UGC and influencer content, right? So UGC is userenerated content. And we're going to talk about a little bit more about influencer marketing. But the third type of content that you definitely need is that influencer content. Making sure you are getting bodies inside the merch before you even drop. Right? This is called building the demand and building the hype for the

00:04:58
drop. On top of that, people love to see other people wearing the brand. That's what makes them buy, right? It's a monkey see monkey do era that we live in nowadays. And if you have people wearing your brand or wearing the drop before it even drops, I promise you these are the certain aspects that get people to buy. Number four would be product based content. So this is basically just content productbased within your lifestyle content or within within your professional content. You want to make

00:05:23
sure that you are including photos and video of the actual product itself. The models are cool, the outfits are cool and everything like that, but you want to make sure you're actually attacking product based content as well to show the customer why your product is valued. Why are you pricing your product at this price? So you want to make sure that you're showing the characteristics of your product. the denim jeans that I dropped for my brand. So many different aspects within these jeans that I want

00:05:45
to highlight within the product. That includes the distressing, that includes the wash, that includes the custom tags and the custom buttons, that includes the unique construction of the jeans itself. All these aspects within my product I want to make sure I'm highlighting with my productbased content. So this is not any outfit photos or videos, any models or anything like that. Your models will be wearing the product, but within the content, you want to specifically focus on the product itself. So, you want to make

00:06:12
sure that you are marketing for at least two to three, maybe even four weeks for your pre-launch. So, this is basically you marketing the product for this certain amount of time. This is why the content schedule is so important because it allows you to organize the exact content that you want to post and create. Let's just say Monday, you want to book a studio with these models and these outfits, right? Then you want to go on Pinterest and look at different shots that you can create within this

00:06:36
studio photo shoot. These are the things that you want to actually be organized for and prepare for when it comes to your drop. This is the problem with a lot of brand owners, right? They create the product and then once the product comes in, now they're figuring out what type of content that they want to create. But you have to be proactive, y'all. You have to be working on something all the time. And one of the things that I'm always working on and I'm always researching is content

00:06:56
itself. I'm looking at different videos from different brands. I'm looking at different photo shoots from different brands. And I'm literally seeing, okay, how are they hooking their audience in the first 3 to 5 seconds of the video? How are they keeping the attention of their audience within this video? And then I'm going to say, okay, I like a few aspects from this video. I like a few aspects from this video with these different brands, and I'm going to incorporate it all into one video for my

00:07:17
brand. So, it's just like curating your products, right? When you're making your hoodie or your t-shirt, wherever the inspiration comes from, it's the same thing when it comes to creating your content. That's why market research is so important. Looking at different brands and going on Pinterest and going on Google and going on social media and just looking at different things and getting inspiration from them and putting it all into one for your brand. Now, this content schedule is also

00:07:36
included within social media platforms. So, you're going to say, "Okay, Wednesday, we're going to post this Instagram reel and then we're going to post two to three Tik Toks. Thursday, we're going to post our photo shoot and then we're going to post another two to three Tik Toks. Then Friday, we're going to go on Tik Tok live and promote our product and tell everybody when it's dropping, what the details are of the drop, the details of the product, and whatever it is. Saturday, we're going to

00:07:56
post two Instagram reels and boom, boom, then you got to figure out what types of content are going to be within these Instagram res, these Tik Toks, right? So, that's why this content schedule is so important because once you get that sample in and you have the content schedule ready, now now you're ready to go. Now, it's all action instead of the sample coming in and then you planning and then going into the action. So, it's just all about being proactive. Next is what I kind of already talked about, but

00:08:18
it's that 2 to 3 week marketing period. So, this is very, very important because a lot of brand owners do not understand hype drop. They don't understand building hype and building demand before they're dropped. And you brand owners are so quick to drop, which I don't understand because you have to give people enough time to see your product more than once. That's the thing. A lot of brand owners don't realize that people have to see your brand at least four to five times before they buy. So

00:08:42
that's why that 2 to 3 week period of marketing every single day too. It's not just oh I'm going to post today and then tomorrow I'm not going to post anything and then boom. No two to three weeks of consistent marketing every single day. That's what it takes to have a soldout drop. You want to make sure your SMS and email funnel is set up so that people can actually sign up for the drop. So, this is why I tell my students all the time, and it's something that I wish I would have learned when I first started

00:09:07
my brand, that data is the most important thing that you need to focus on when it comes to building your business. If think about it like this, all of these bigger brands and bigger companies before you check out, right, you go to their store, before you check out, right, right at the little monitor when you swipe your card, right before you check out, they ask you, "Would you like to join our loyalty program? Would you like 10% off? Would you like 20% off?" All you have to do is give us your

00:09:27
phone number. All you have to do is give you give us your email. And the reason why data is so important is because a lot of brand owners believe that, oh, if I have 10K followers on Instagram, I can make $10,000. And that's not the case. It's about data. It's about how many phone numbers you have, how many emails do you have. And the reason why data is so important is because I can directly contact you via phone or via email and let you know, hey, there's a drop coming up, we have a new product on sale, Labor

00:09:50
Day sale, holiday sale, whatever it is, I can contact you directly, phone or email. When it comes to social media, especially Instagram, the algorithm on Instagram is just not as good anymore. Honestly, you're only hitting about 10 to 15% of your followers when it comes to Instagram. So, if you're solely relying on Instagram for your drop, I promise you, you will not be able to sell out because of how bad the algorithm is with Instagram, right? So, I know a lot of brand owners heavily rely on Instagram, but you guys have to

00:10:16
realize how important data is and how important collecting phone numbers and email. So, when you're building your SMS and email funnel, you want to make sure that you download Postcripts. Postcripts is for your SMS funnel and then for email you want to use Clavio. These two apps are actually available on Shopify. So you can download them right now and you'll be able to collect phone numbers and emails for your brand or for your drop. Now within this SMS and email funnel, you want to make sure that

00:10:38
you're including an incentive for someone to give you their phone number and email. You got to think about it. Phone numbers and emails are really quite personal. So people are a little bit hesitant to give you that type of information. So think about what I said earlier with these bigger companies. Before you check out, they say, "Hey, do you want to be a part of our VIP? Do you want 10% off? Do you want buy 1 get one free? Give us your phone number and email." That's called an incentive. I'm

00:10:59
giving you something for you to give me something back. So, while you are posting your content, while you're going on TikTok Live, while you are promoting your drop, you constantly want to tell your audience that, hey, if you sign up for our drop, we'll give you 10% off on drop day. Sign up for our drop, we'll give you $10 off on drop day. Just an incentive, free shipping, early access. give them some type of incentive for them to sign up for your SMS or email list. Next is your website and this is

00:11:23
super important and this is what again a lot of brand owners don't understand as well because they're solely heavily relying on Instagram. Instagram is like your magazine cover, right? Cool. Okay. Make it look pretty, make it look nice. But your website is like the pages in your magazine. This is what keeps people reading. This is what allows people to buy. So your website has to be just as clean as your Instagram, just as professional as your Instagram, just as aesthetically pleasing as your

00:11:48
Instagram. Within your website, you want to make sure that you're including these aspects when it comes to having a high converting website. And number one are FAQs. FAQs are frequently asked questions. So what I tell my students all the time is that you want to make sure when you're creating your website, there shouldn't be any questions I should be asking or first-time customer should be asking when coming onto your website. That's why FAQs are so important. frequently asked questions.

00:12:10
What is your return policy? What is your shipping policy? If a store owner is on your website and they want to know if you offer wholesale, uh where is your size chart? A proper product description. So, all of these questions should be answered on your website. And that gives customers no reason for them not to buy. Think about it like this. If a customer has questions going onto your website, number one, they're not going to buy, and number two, they're probably going to DM you or email you, right,

00:12:34
asking a question, and you probably won't see it for a few days later. now they're not even interested in buying anymore. So, you want to make sure you're catching that customer as soon as they come on to your website. You want to make sure you catch them with that sale. Now, I'm going to give you a few Shopify apps that you can include within your website to increase your AOV, which is your average order value. Number one is called Kaching Bundles. This app is also available on the Shopify app store

00:12:56
and this app allows you to bundle the same product at a discounted price. So, say you're selling a hoodie and I'm a dad and I want to buy the hoodie for me and my son. So, Kaching Bundles allows the customer to buy two of the same product at a discounted price instead of buying two of the same product at retail price. So, that psychology right there will allow you to increase your AOV and people will spend more money with you when they see that they're getting a discount if they buy two. But, if they

00:13:21
don't get a discount when they're buying two items, I promise you, they're not going to buy two at that time. The second app that I'm going to give you guys is Simple Bundles and Kits. Now, this allows you to bundle two different products and sell them at a discounted price. So, say you're selling a bikini and you're selling the top, the bottom, then that third product is going to be the top and the bottom. Now, don't get me wrong, most of the time women are going to buy the set, but say they don't

00:13:42
want to buy the set, right? Say they just want to buy the top or just want to buy the bottom. Or maybe that's how you are structuring your drop or your website, whatever it is. With that bundle product, it allows you to bundle both the top and the bottom together. Same thing like a sweatuit. You're selling a hoodie and a pants, right? You can bundle those two products together and people are able to buy the set at a discounted price. So, say you're selling the hoodie for 100. You're selling

00:14:02
selling the sweatpants for 100. The bundle could be 180. So, you're only losing about $20 on that bundle. But think about it now. Someone can buy the bundle at 180 instead of just buying that one product at 100. Next is influencer marketing. Now, this will allow you to bring new eyes to the brand and the drop. So, couple ways you can go about influencer marketing. Now, if you're doing a pre-made drop, you want to send some pieces out to these influencers and have them do some promo for you. Whether it's a story post, a

00:14:26
feed post, a real, uh whatever it is. When it comes to finding influencers, you don't always have to go for the six-figure influencer. And those are the influencers with 100K, 200K, 300K followers on Instagram. You don't have to go for those types of influencers. I always go for micro influencers. These are influencers under at least 50K. And these influencers are just a little bit better to do business with, number one, and number two, they're going to actually value your product and do some

00:14:49
quality content. When it comes to those six-figure influencers, they don't really care because they're getting bigger brand deals, right? So, I don't even look at those type of influencers. So, I know a lot of brand owners that only have the sample in their hand and no other merchandise, right? They just have one sample and that's it. So, obviously, you don't want to send that one sample to the influencer. All you have to do is simply take the product, put it on the floor or whatever it is.

00:15:10
Take a picture of the product, send it to the influencer, and have them act like they just unboxed the product and just got it in their hand. And on the caption, it could say whatever you want it to say, and then you attach your SMS link for people to sign up for the drop. So, the caption could say from the influencer. Mind you, this is the influencer posting your product. The caption would be, "I just got this fire hoodie from Be Special. They drop Friday 8:21. Make sure you guys sign up for the

00:15:33
drop." And then they include the SMS link within that story. So, this allows again new eyes to the brand because the influencers audience knows nothing about you. But once the influencer posts about the brand and about the drop, new people are going to see it. They're going to click on the link and they're going to sign up for your drop if they're interested in your product. Next are your retargeting flows. Right? So, this goes back to the SMS and email. You want to make sure your flows are set up for

00:15:56
retargeting. So basically, this means that not every customer is going to buy on the first time. A customer might come on your website, look at the product, maybe check out, maybe put their card information in, and then they don't buy. So, how do you retarget them, right? How do you hit them up and say, "Hey, you left something in your cart or whatever it is." This goes back to your SMS email. So, you're able to set up your flows to where, okay, you send out that first message and say they don't buy,

00:16:20
right? they just added to card or they just added their their card information and they never bought. You can set it up to where you sent out that first message and then maybe two hours later if they didn't buy, you're able to send out another message and say, "Hey, I saw you left something in your cart. Here's 15% off. Go get it right now before it sells out." Or, "Hey, I saw you were checking out our products. Not too many sizes left. Go back and go get And I promise

00:16:41
you, you're going to make a lot of money on the back end with this retargeting because it's a lot of situations where people will be checking out your website, checking out your product, or even checking out to buy and then they may get distracted. You might have a mom that wants to buy your product and their kid is running around breaking things or doing a bunch of obnoxious stuff and they didn't get a chance to buy. Now you all you do is just send them a reminder like, "Hey, I saw you left something in

00:17:03
the cart. Go buy it." Send them the link and you know, you get a sale just from there. Now, you've done everything I've said in this video from start to finish. Now, it's drop week. So, say you drop on a Friday, which I always recommend because people get paid on Fridays. So, your drop is on Friday. This is what I highly recommend. Sending out a reminder campaign to your SMS and email subscribers that have already signed up for the drop. Send out a reminder campaign 2 days before the drop, which

00:17:27
is a Wednesday. And all you want to do is remind them of the drop. Hey guys, we're dropping Friday, 2:00 p.m. Eastern. It will include this hoodie, this shirt, and this pair of pants. Remember, all VIP subscribers get early access, free shipping, whatever your incentive was. And this is you simply just reminding your subscribers cuz you think about it like this. Say, I signed up for your drop 3 weeks ago. I don't even remember about the drop to be honest with you after 3 weeks, right? I

00:17:50
don't even remember what I ate for breakfast this morning to be completely honest with you. So, you all you want to do is send out that reminder 2 days before and let people know, hey, we're dropping on Friday, 2:00 p.m. Eastern, whatever it is. Make sure you get your money ready and make sure you don't spend all your money on anything extra. Uh cuz we're dropping on Friday, right? Something along the lines of that. Now, it's drop day. Friday has come and you send out your drop day campaign. So,

00:18:11
within your drop day campaign, you want to send out your SMS or email, whatever it is, to your VIP subscribers 30 minutes before the drop, including any of the incentives that you promised during the market of this drop. So, if you told your audience, hey, if you sign up for the drop, we'll give you early access. We'll give you free shipping. We'll give you 10% off. Whatever your incentive was, you want to include that in your drop day campaign. So, you send out your drop day campaign, you sell out

00:18:33
your drop, and now you take all of your profits from that drop and put it into even more pieces of that same product because you already sold out of 50 or 100 or whatever, however many pieces you got, you already sold out of. And I promise you, there are going to be people out there that are going to be wanting this product. So, fulfill those orders, get some more inventory, and spread that drop in that product throughout the whole world. Like I said, a lot of brand owners will sell out a drop and go to the next product. That's

00:18:58
cool and that's fine. But when you sell out of a drop, that one product you have so much content with, right? You just got done marketing for two to three weeks. You have that type of content. Then you just sold out of your drop. So now you're going to have UGC content, which is influencers and customers wearing the drop. So why not take your profits and put it into more product and get even more inventory and make even more money? Put money into what's already working. That's the problem with

00:19:20
brand owners. They want to sell out of a drop and go to the next product. Well, if you go to the next product now, you got to do all the marketing again. You got to do all the content again. You have to get influencers in it. You have to get customers in it instead of you just taking that one product and scaling it to the moon. If I showed you how to set up everything step by step in this YouTube video, it would have been hours and hours long. If you're still looking for that oneonone help, go ahead and hit

00:19:41
that link in the description to work with me oneonone. You get 247 access to me where you can ask me literally any question and it will literally be answered within minutes to the hour. I know a lot of you brand owners are on YouTube watching countless videos on Tik Tok watching countless videos on Instagram watching countless videos trying to figure out how to start and scale your brand and it's just not working for you. Right? I was in the same boat when I first started my brand until I got a mentor and be able to text

00:20:04
them, call them whenever I wanted to with any problem that I have and I was able to get it answered immediately. So, if you guys are looking to get more help, go ahead and hit that first link in the description. I hope you watch this video from start to finish. Go ahead and like, comment, and subscribe. It's completely free. Comment on this video if this video helped you. We on the road to 20K subs. Mr.

