00:00:00
So this clothing brand did over $5 million in the last 12 months. And I'm going to share with you what actually made these ads successful for you, the patterns that were repeated and the budget and scaling decisions. So let's go ahead and jump over here to Ads Manager. I think this is the most important part here. What kind of setup do we have. So you can see right now we have in the last 30 days drop budget back a little bit. This is recording in January of 2026. The last 30 days we're doing

00:00:25
about $2,700 in total sales real quickly. Again, $4.8 million, technically $5 million gave some discounts last year to so $5 million in total sales. This is the biggest driver inside of the business was ads. Now we have the one campaign set up. I know there are a lot of people on the internet who say you should have three different campaigns, should have a top of the funnel in the middle of the funnel, in the bottom of the funnel mattered no longer needs all of those different campaigns to do the targeting,

00:00:55
but we have one campaign. It is a CBO or campaign budget optimization. I will go ahead and pull this up. You can see here campaign budget. We do not have a catalog on for this. It is literally very straightforward on the setup now where this starts to get a little bit more unique. And I would say specific is where you are going to find the nuances or nuances in your business. So let's go ahead and look through the successful ads. So I've got this one right here. That's a DPA has 800 purchases.

00:01:25
And actually let's go maximum here. So this one during the holiday did about 1600 purchases, $69. Now you're probably wondering what's your average order value again I'll go over here. It's about $200. So we will happily spend 6970 bucks. And also to be completely transparent, these numbers are probably, I would say, 1 to 3% better just because inside a chip. Well that's what we would use for tracking. They're actually a little bit lower. All right. So this is what the DPA look like.

00:01:53
It was literally a Christmas DPA. Very straightforward. It did have 20% off. So there was an offer there. And it was just a catalog of our holiday collection. Do you not need to over complicate this one thing? That one that you will probably notice here is that there is a holiday. There's a holiday DPA. The holiday DPA is a very straightforward. It's only one type of product or one type of collection going inside of the ads, whereas some people will put their whole catalog there. If you don't have

00:02:23
a ton of products, maybe that makes sense. But we want meta to learn. We wanted to know that this was for Christmas or this was for holiday, and this is these are the items that we were trying to sell at this period. We also started really early for this. So this was October. We ran this in October instead of waiting until November 1685 purchases. And what you see is that we have a very specific area or audience that we're going after holiday, and then we ran it for a long period of time. You'll see that

00:02:51
themes throughout. Okay. So what kind of successful ads is have one. Every single brand that we work with that we scale. Maybe this is nuance to you. Maybe this is completely not. Is that every single brand that we scale? They have a DPA. So this particular brand, their approach was to have one campaign set up prior to us anyway, and it just put everything into one account and we agree with that. Typically we would separate the DPA a little bit differently. But this has worked. And ever since I would say

00:03:20
Andromeda has come full circle. I mean, it's been talked about even more. We've just been more bullish on this as well. It's a theory that we've had, and I think more than anything, we were just more likely to test something because of Andromeda. And the update that it happens. This is all inside of one campaign. We have DPA that are going. You'll see multiple types of DPS, you'll see carousels. You will see very specific categories. So inside of the ad sets we're focused on

00:03:47
the positioning. Right. So where are we in the marketplace to what type of product that we actually selling okay. So for this we come out and this is a brand that does things that are custom in the sense that they create them in-house. And then it's done at scale. So it is custom, it is hand-sewn. And then they have a winning product and then they create a ton of them and then it runs out and then they redo it again. That is kind of the business model here. It is a boutique for those who were wanting.

00:04:15
But every single one of these that you'll see there all specific Labor Day, Valentine's Day, if you were going on a ski trip, Halloween, they're all specific to a very particular like time of the year, holiday season, and that's where we're getting to purchase. One of our best one is actually one running right now. We have 813 purchases right now for $47. Average order value is like 185. So very popular here. We want to scale this. So this is one of the very first ads that is run

00:04:45
that is running this technically not a DPA. This is actually just done as a carousel. And what you'll see is the call out for the people that we know who are audiences. You always got to go back to who is the audience? Are we speaking directly to them? All right. We know that these women are going to be on the slopes. They're going and they're going to spend time in the mountains, whether it's Colorado or wherever in the US that they go to for the mountains. So we're calling off

00:05:08
ski season, and we've got something that is very specific for ski season. Okay. So we're not doing a bunch of like crazy videos. A lot of honestly, what it hasn't been working has been statics and graphics. Here is another quick video. Actually, this also tends to work well to multiple products wearing it. So actually showcasing the product and then talking about it over here. This has worked well for years. We've tried that one since about 2020. That's really where the live selling

00:05:35
has taken off. So as a real quick, I wanted to say a quick hey, howdy and hello. So my name is Aaron and alongside my business partner Christian, we run a bit branding. We've been scaling clothing brands for over the last 11 years, and in the last 12 months alone, we've helped over 300 clothing brands generate $100 million in sales. If you have found any value in this video, please give us a nice little like and subscribe. It is free and if you do this in the next three seconds, I will share

00:06:01
with you a picture of me from 2016. All right, so the patterns that are working right now are this. Now if you are a hat brand I would 100% do this. Have your ideal customer in a carousel literally showcasing the hat first. If your hat has very little design, it probably won't be as effective. But if you have something that stands out, which I don't know what this is a fly low low hat from Colorado. So you could just literally have something like this showcase the product and then multiple

00:06:30
variations out. This is kind of a corduroy type of hat, corduroy rope hat. So you could have many of those again carousel. We're also targeting exactly who to go after. And that is it. Okay. One creative pattern that's working really well right now. All right. So this is another one. It works really well too okay. So this is very good. Top of the funnel type of approach is the grid okay. So we're showcasing multiple products in a grid style. Kind of reminds me a little bit of The Brady Bunch.

00:06:55
Shout out if anybody knows what that is. We have a good call to action. We talked about this again customizing. This is again specific to this brand. They are very much trying to customize their experience, but showcasing the hats in a grid style very quickly. You can see the last thing you'd want to do though. And I talked to a lot of hat brands. Last thing you would want to do is focus on, let's say, a performance hat and then a rope hat, and then some kind of like outdoors hat, because what

00:07:21
it's going to do is confuse that customer and confuse matter because they're like, wait, I'm an outdoors guy, but I don't need this performance hat. And this doesn't make sense, right? So it should be very similar like type of content we've also seen. So this is a four hat grid. You can get one that is six. And we've done up to eight. You do any more than six it kind of gets too small. If you do eight it's almost too much. You're just trying to showcase like real quickly

00:07:45
the products. But four super solid has generated a ton of sales. All right. So this style has worked really well too. I consider this a lookbook video most of the time. People overcomplicate this. All right. I would like for you to to actually post this on Instagram or another social platform like TikTok. First figure out which variations work well and then use that for ads. The goal for social is to be a little bit more social, but if you're going to showcase a product, try it out organically first,

00:08:14
because if it does well there, the likelihood and AD is significantly higher. This is one a good offer, so don't get me wrong there. This was our best performing ad as far as a lookbook for 4th of July, but it showcases the product has an amazing offer. There's also some urgency once you get to the page because we have the date time locked. What you would do, especially for those of you watching this in early 2026, I would probably the beginning of maybe late April, start hitting the mirror

00:08:42
kind of stuff, especially in the US, and then hit Memorial Day and then hit 4th of July and then Labor Day. So basically from the end of April, all the way till mid September, end of September, run an ad about Americana content. You may sell out of these items, but you can still send them to that Americana type of page. And that is what we did here as well. But we're just showcasing the product. It looks very simple, but it's literally just getting into the details, switching, getting into the

00:09:09
details, switching, and what you'll see from meta, especially in the boutique space, is that if you can't go deep, you might as well go wide but showcase the collection and not an individual product. And when you do an individual product, that's why we use the DPA. Otherwise you end up selling out. Meta wants you to be able to run ads for a long period of time. All right, so this sounds great. And you want to talk to a real person about scaling your clothing brand this year. Go schedule

00:09:35
a free strategy session by checking out the link in the description down below. There are limited spots to go do that right now. All right. So let's talk about budget in scaling this as of January 2026. There a couple things that happen here because we do custom and because this brand was scaling up, our goal was to hit a seven figure per month. We did not hit that goal. We hit about 950 960,000. The biggest reason why is because we had to take a step back with scaling. We actually probably

00:10:05
could have scaled significantly higher. But when you have a product and you have constraint, most of the time business owners think about the dollars and cents they're going to make today and don't realize on the back end. So if you do not have a three PL and you're scaling up or you do not understand forecasting and you've never hit a level that you've like this before, or if you never hit a level, you know, let's say you're going from 10,000 to 50,000 or from 50 to 100.

00:10:29
It's not just doubling the amount of revenue you're making. It's also significantly increasing the back load that you have from making sure that every order goes out correctly, making sure that you have the packaging done the way that you would like it to be your standard shouldn't lower. All right. So to give context October we scale to about 500,000. November was the month really Black Friday? Cyber Monday went crazy. We did about 950 or so at that point. We didn't have enough people

00:10:59
to keep up with the amount of orders. When you're talking about 3000 orders compared to. So when we go from October to November, we increased average order value. Sure. Like that's not something that it's not that big of a deal just a little bit. But each order being packed and then you add almost 500 orders. That's a significant amount every single day, order wise, to be fulfilled, especially when you were talking about custom. For some people you're like, look, I'll go grab

00:11:26
something off the wall. I'll put it. I'll pick in and pack it in 500 orders over 30 days, especially for a third party logistics company. No problem at all. But when things are being done, custom and kind of going down an assembly line, that many more products being sold, his significant. Okay, because the order here doesn't count individual SKUs, it counts each individual person with a purchase. So on average, we were getting 20% more purge or more products in each order than what we were previously.

00:11:55
Slowed us down a little bit. We had to adjust budget, we scaled back, and we had to do it kind of dramatically. We were spending, let me go back here so I can give you the actual number. So Lanham Day in November, we are getting close to almost $10,000 a day in spend. We were at about 6000. The beginning of November started scaling up. By the 19th. We've scaled almost a $10,000 a day, including Google Ads, Google is about 20% of total purchases during our total sales during this period as well.

00:12:23
So this November and then I want to say it was like, right around here, you can see we completely kind of drop down to and by the end of the month we were almost at, I would say, 7 to 8000 instead of the 10,000. We scaled back by a couple of grand, and then December we completely scaled back as well. So the first part of December, we had dropped budget almost in half and then almost in half again. By the middle of December, we did hit the goal. The goal in December was to hit about 500,000 because that's

00:12:53
what we could do profitably and we hit 600,000, so we exceeded the goal. There. But the biggest thing happening in especially going into January, and most people need to understand for this, for budget, when you're scaling up, we do about a 5% increase. Unless we're really trying to be aggressive, we'll go 10 or 20% and you can do that daily. If today is Friday, I'm going to look at Thursday, Wednesday and Tuesday. If in that three day period my blended return, which is the total return

00:13:20
of the business across everything, is above my threshold. Let's say, for example, it's A3X. If it's above A3X across the board blended, then I'm going to scale by five, 10 or 20% at this particular brand. During this time period, we're doing it by 20%. It's now January. And so every day we look at this and if it's above that we scale by 5%. So we're incrementally doing it. And and basically we're incrementally increasing the budget so that we can scale back up.

00:13:48
January is typically slower. February picks up a little bit. March is coming. April and May are really great months. Our goal is to go like this. It's much easier for us to start scaling in January like everybody else when there's less advertising spend. Okay, so if you're wanting to scale your business with Facebook ads step by step and walk through exactly how to build them for yourself, gosh, this video right here next to you guys. So much for watching. I will see you next week. And P.S.

00:14:15
make sure you subscribe!

