00:00:00
We made 55 sales within the first month of launching this brand new Shopify store. And we've gone on to generate over $100,000. And the funny thing is, we didn't blow any money on ads. We didn't do anything flashy. We didn't already have an audience. We didn't go viral. We just did the basics, right? And we followed a proven plan that we implemented systematically. And it's a plan that not really anyone talks about on YouTube for a pretty simple reason because it's it's boring, right? It

00:00:25
doesn't get clicks. It isn't some flashy, you know, trending strategy right now. It doesn't involve any secret hacks, but it works every single time. So, if you come here looking for a video of how to get rich quick or how to scale my Shopify store to the moon and not make any profit, then this video isn't for you. But if you do want to build a real business built on real foundations and sustainable growth, then grab your notebook, grab a pen, and strap in. I'm going to walk you through the exact plan

00:00:53
to get your first 50 sales on your Shopify store. step by step. So, even if this is your first store or you had a store running for a while, but you're struggling to get sales, then this is the video you've been waiting for. Let's jump straight into the plan. I have a checklist here that you can use. You can download that down below. The first thing that we want to start with is step one, determining your offer. This is the most important yet the most overlooked step when it comes to growing a Shopify

00:01:18
store, and that is getting your offer right. You see, most people focus on ads and having beautiful looking ads or having a really well-designed website. But none of that matters if people don't want to buy your product. And that's where the offer comes into play. The offer doesn't mean a discount or a gift or anything like that. It means how are we presenting our product or how are we offering our product to our customers to give them all the reasons or convince them to say yes to buying that product.

00:01:42
That's our offer. So, let me take you through the four fundamental things that every single offer must have. The first one is your product promise. You see, when someone buys a product, right, they expect an outcome from that purchase. They expect a transformation. They expect it to do something for them. They don't just buy it for the sake of buying it. So, we need to communicate exactly what our product does for them. We need to promise to them that if they buy this product, this thing is going to happen.

00:02:06
Let me give you an example. I sell a coffee concentrate and the idea of this product is that you can have barista quality coffee anywhere that you go, right? That's our promise. So, we want to make sure that when someone looks at our product page, they know exactly what this product is going to do for them. And we want to make sure that this promise is specific as possible so that when someone lands there, they can relate to it. They can know that it's for them. They know that they're in the

00:02:27
right place and they're going to give you money for that promise to come true. The second part of a great offer is showing proof. It's all well and good that we can make these promises that our product does this thing, but no one's going to believe us. So, we need to show proof that it actually does the thing that we're promising. In order to do that, we need to capture a few proof signals. And a few ways you can do that is by capturing product reviews, having before and after shots. Are there any

00:02:50
certifications or results? Do you use any technologies or anything in there that people are familiar with? Is there any major authority that can speak on your behalf, like a doctor or an influencer or something like that that has credibility in the industry to show that your product actually meets that promise? The third piece to a great offer is delivery. How fast is someone actually going to get this product from you? Because the faster they get it and the cheaper they get it, the quicker they're going to say yes. Money follows

00:03:14
speed. So, in order to do this, we need to determine how quickly can we ship it out to them? Can we ship it out to them for free? Can they come pick it up from us? Can they get delivered to them instantly? Same day delivery, anything like that. The faster the better. I'm sure when you've shopped on Amazon before, you just see that little thing at the bottom underneath the product, you can get this in 6 hours or in 3 hours or in 2 hours. Even if you don't need that thing, that is a little signal

00:03:36
that says, "Yes, I'm going to buy it now." because humans want instant gratification. So the sooner we can get the idea of the promise into their hands, the quicker they're going to buy from you. So the fourth one is about removing risks or objections. We call these objection busters or or risk removals. When someone goes to buy a product, they often ask themselves either consciously or subconsciously, what if this happens, right? So what if it doesn't fit me? What if the material

00:04:02
isn't as good as you say it is? What if the promise that you give me doesn't actually come true? What if this thing breaks after six months? Okay, these are all reasons for people to say no and we want to give reasons for people to say yes. So, in order to make a great offer, we need to remove the risks and bust any objections they may have. So, a few ideas that you could do here is maybe there's a money back guarantee. Can you give a risk-free trial? Is there a warranty in place? Do you give free

00:04:27
returns in exchanges? Let me give you a little example what we did on our brand. We have a pretty unique product that no one's ever heard of before. It's a coffee concentrate. People don't drink that. they just drink filter coffee or espresso. They've never done this. So, what we've done is we've added a 30-day risk-free trial. Now, that risk-free trial isn't mean that we give them free product. It just says that if you don't like it within the first 30 days, we'll

00:04:48
give you money back. No problem. So, this has removed all risk from them to making that purchase. And just by doing that, our conversion rates increased. We didn't lose any money and no one returned the product, but the perception was that if we're willing to get you to try it for free, then it must be good. So objection busters and risk removals are a key part of your offer. Step number two on your way to your first 50 Shopify sales is to create content. Content is the fuel of the internet. You

00:05:15
consume content every day. You should consume hours of content. Whether it's on Instagram or Tik Tok or or even on YouTube, even in chatt wherever you are, you're consuming content on Netflix. I could just keep going on forever, right? It's the fuel of the internet and it's the fuel that people live on every single day and it's gonna be the number one driver of attention to your product. So, if you're not creating content, you're not going to get found and it needs to be the core

00:05:39
of everything that you do in your business. So, I'm going to give you a list of content that you can do right now just using your phone. Okay? You can do it at home. You can do it anywhere you like. You've got no excuses. This is non-negotiable, guys. You need to be creating content in order to grow your business. This is the content I want you to create. Film yourself using the product. Film your friends using the product. Film your family using the product. Film yourself unboxing the product. Film yourself using the

00:06:03
product. Film a founder style reel of you talking about why you started this business. Take photos of the product being used everywhere. Can use it yourself. You can use it outside. You can use it wherever it is depending on the product. Film it being used. And then this is the kicker. I want you to send out 20 samples of your products to people to film content for you. Okay? Just by doing this, you're going to come up with 30 to 50 different pieces of content. Not only that, you're also

00:06:26
going to get used to creating content because your role moving forward will be a content creator that generates interest for your brand. And when you have all this content, we can use it everywhere. We can use it on meta ads. We can use it in Tik Tok. We can use it on Instagram. We can use it on YouTube. And it becomes the fuel that grows your business. Now, I'm hearing the drop shippers and the print on demand people out there saying, "But I don't have my product, Brendan. That's not the idea."

00:06:48
Look what I want you to do. I want you to order a sample of your product and bring it home and I want you to film the content. It's as simple as that. How do you expect other people to buy your product if they don't actually see the product in reality? How do you expect to sell your product if you haven't touched it and felt it? It's important that you do this step. The brands that go from being side hustles to full-time are the ones that take content seriously. Step number three is to build the perfect

00:07:10
product page. Your product page is the most important page on your Shopify store. It's the place where people decide to click add to cart or bail from your website. So, we want to make sure that it has every piece of information that makes sure people say yes and click that add to cart button. So, to help you with this, I want to take you through the anatomy of a high converting product page. This is one of the frameworks that we use inside our elite team e-commerce academy and I'll step you through how it

00:07:35
works. The first thing we're going to make sure we have is a really strong product badge that calls out what the product is. Something like best sellers, most popular, things like that. The next thing we want to make sure is that we have amazing product images. We need to have at least five product images. It would be front, side, back, detail shots and the products that are in use. There was a study done on Amazon that the product listings that had more than five images had a doubling in conversion

00:07:59
rate. So, they made it mandatory that every product listing had to have at least five images. So, you need to take that learning and do that on your Shopify store. And as a bonus, if you can do a video, that's even better. The next thing we do is we want to make sure that we show our reviews and our proof directly on there. We want to show our price super clear and if there's any discounts, we want to make sure we have a strikethrough price. This is where we want to put our product promise. We want

00:08:22
to put the pitch directly in there and why someone wants this product and what it promises to do for them. We then want to make sure that our call to action block is super clear and super easy. If you're selling clothing, make sure you add some sort of size guide in here. If you've got different colors, make sure these are color swatches. Make it easy for someone to make a yes decision. We then want to make sure we have a contrasting call to action button. This button needs to look like nothing else

00:08:46
in the store. It's the only thing that should be this color and it needs to stand out. We like black because it goes against the store or green or red, just something that looks different to everything else. Don't have it blending in with the rest of your store. The other little hack that we do is we like to put a little arrow in here. This subconsciously signals moving on to the next step. So, if someone clicks add to cart, they already know they're going to head to the checkout. The next thing we

00:09:07
want to do is add our objection busters underneath our add to cart button. And this is above our scroll line on our mobile device. These are the free trials of the warranties, the returns and exchange policies. It's the shipping information. This is the information that people need to make a yes decision right near that add to cart button so they don't need to go scrolling to find the answer. Then beneath the scroll, you want to add in feature icons. These are things to do with your products, whether

00:09:31
it's made locally or it's organic or it's something else or the unique properties that are about your product. Bring those to the light and make sure they're in icons. We then want to go into the detailed product description. Now, this product description needs to be benefit driven, not feature driven. Right? So, we want to talk about what the product does, not how it does it. And these should be dot points, either three to five dot points here. We can then move into our accordion areas where

00:09:53
it's the more detailed information. It might be the how-to. It might be shipping info. It might be ingredients. This is the area that people who are looking for further information on your store will go to. Think of it like the back of a box if someone's taking a product off the shelf. We then move down to extended product information that make your product better. This might be things about what's in the box. It might be about the founder. It could be anything that just gives a bit more

00:10:18
explanation about the product. It's lower down the page and it's supplementary information. We then want to make sure that we add our product reviews directly on here so people can read from other people. this is more proof. And then in here we want to add in some product specific frequently asked questions. Now these FAQs aren't sitewide FAQs. These are questions that someone would have about this product. And all these questions should lead the person to saying, "Hell yes, I want that

00:10:40
product." Now, step number four on your plan to get your first 50 Shopify sales is capture your customers details. We have a saying inside the e-commerce academy. If we can't convert a customer, we want to make sure we capture that customer. You see, we go to all this effort of driving traffic to our store. If they come there and they don't buy and we've got no way of talking to them again, then we've just wasted all that effort. So, we want to make sure we're capturing in some way. And there's a few

00:11:04
different ways that we can capture them. The most common way is via a pop-up on the store. And we use Clavio to do our pop-ups integrated directly into Shopify. It's the best in the business. I'd recommend you try. Now, I know what you're saying. Pop-ups are annoying. Nobody likes pop-ups. Don't put them. I don't want to put them on my store. I can tell you something. People use them and they work every single time. But the secret is we want to make sure that what we're putting up on the popup is

00:11:26
attractive to the person. We won't just say subscribe to our newsletter. That doesn't work. People don't really care about that. We need to give them something of value in return for their contact information. People know how valuable their information is now. They're not just going to give it to you for no reason. So, you need to come up with some sort of incentive for them to give them that information. We'll often see a coupon on their first order. We might see a discount. We might have a

00:11:47
free download. We might have a winner prize. We want to give them something that they're going to give you in return for what you want to give them. Got it? So, come up with that first and then use Clavio to get that set up and install it on your Shopify store. And once that's set up, we can use Clavio to send them out an automated email in a welcome series when they join that list. And that email will tell them all about you and nurture them so that they'll come back to your store and ideally buy from

00:12:10
you. But that's not the only way to capture our customers. There's a few other little things that you've got to do from day one. We've got to install our metapixel. We have to install a Tik Tok pixel. And we have to install a Google tracking, right? The reason we do this is every time someone visits your store, if the pixel's installed, it signals to that pixel who that customer is so that by the time you go to start ads, we've already got a warmed up pixel of known customers and known visitors.

00:12:33
So those ads are just going to work better. So even if you're not going to run ads, install the pixel now so we can start warming it up for one day when you might want to do it. Okay? If you've made it this far, then it's obvious that you're serious about growing your Shopify store. It might surprise you, but we put out videos like this every single week, and we have thousands and thousands of visitors, but less than 10% of people actually subscribe to the channel. So, do me a favor. If you're

00:12:55
trying to grow your Shopify store, make sure you subscribe to this channel. Now, let's move on to step number five, and that's content marketing. We're going to take all the content that we created in step number two, and we're going to apply it. Now, we're going to post that content on our business pages as well as our personal pages. Now, you might ask, why our personal pages? That's not what we're trying to promote, Brendan. But your personal pages probably have more

00:13:17
followers than your business pages do right now. Plus, your personal pages, people know you. So, you want to tell them about your business. You want to tell them about your products. You want them to cheer for you. You want them to be advocates. They're probably going to be your first customers. So, posting on your personal page is going to get you first few sales, and they're going to talk about your business to their friends, and you're going to get this word of mouth growth. But, we don't just

00:13:37
want to post sporadically. We want to follow a plan. So, in our checklist, we have a plan. This is what it's going to be. We're going to be posting at least one reel per per day. We're then going to post at least two to four stories per day. And these are super simple. You on camera or you can repost content that you've done. We need to do two to four infeed posts per week. These are the posts that are in your Instagram feed. These can be images, carousels, they can be videos. So that will get you into a

00:14:03
content rhythm on putting content out there. But that might not necessarily get you an audience, right? It'll get you into a rhythm and it'll show people about it. But what we want to make sure we're doing is we want to start building our audience and getting followers and likes and shares and everything like that. That's where these next steps come in. What you want to do is you want to follow your competitors. We want to keep an eye on what they're doing. We want to keep an eye on their content. We want to

00:14:22
see what they're selling. We want to make sure that we've got our finger on the pulse in that market. The second thing you want to do, and you want to do this as your business page. You want to follow your competitor's followers. Now, the reason we want to do this is if your competitor's followers are following them, I'm saying follow a lot. Then they're clearly interested in what it is that they sell. Now, if you go ahead and you follow those followers, they're going to see your business come up. It's

00:14:44
a little bit like tapping them on the shoulder if they're in the line to go into that store. We're just going to follow their followers. And what you'll find is those followers will follow you and it'll start to grow your audience. Then what we want to do is want to message every one of those new followers to say, "Thanks for following." We want to create a relationship with those followers. This does feel like a lot of work, but we're trying to get our first 50 sales, guys. We've got to put the

00:15:02
work in. And then we want to make sure to repeat this daily for at least 30 days. So, if you could follow, say, 10 to 20 people every single day, and you could have a messaging interaction with them, that's going to be 300 to 400 people that you reach out to in a month. Now, I don't know about you, but I'm sure we can convert a couple of those into sales. The next step is then to reach out to UGC creators. These are userenerated content creators, and these are people that are going to be able to

00:15:26
create content for you. We need to outreach to at least 10 a week and offer to send them free product for them to create videos for you. This is where we start to compound the types of content we're creating. Now, the reason we do this now is they're going to look at your feed and they're going to see in your feed the types of content you're creating. They're going to see the product and they're going to say yes or no whether or not they want to be part of this. Now, if you did this without

00:15:48
having any content, you're not going to get an uptake. You need to do it after you're starting to post content. And then this is the final piece, and it's probably the easiest. We want to get your friends and families to share your products, to tag you, to take photos, and do it on their personal accounts. This is going to spread the network and have more and more people want to follow you and support you and buy from you. Let's move on to step number six, which is amplifying with ads. Now, the reason

00:16:11
this is at the end is when we amplify with ads, we're either amplifying a good business or a bad business. So, if you already have a product that doesn't convert or a site that just doesn't get the sales, when you add ads to it, it just makes it worse. It amplifies bad stuff. If you have a site that's set up really well and you put ads on it, it makes it better. So, if you haven't completed the first five steps, pause now, go back to those steps, implement them, and only then run ads. There's no

00:16:38
point running ads for a bad business. If you have done those, then let's move on. We want to think about the right ad channel to use. I don't want you to use all ad channels when we're early on in the piece here. We don't want to just be blowing money across ad channels. We want to use the right platform for the right product. Okay? So, there's two types of platforms that we choose from. One is what we call demand generation platform and the other is what we call a demand capture platform. So demand

00:17:00
capture platform is a platform where someone is actively looking for your product. Think search engines. Someone will be in there typing for black hats. They've got a high intent to purchase and we want to make sure they see our products in there. And that's using places like Google ads or Bing ads, right? That's where people have a demand for something and we're capturing that demand. The other platform is where we're generating demand. And this is where people might have an interest in

00:17:24
your product but not actively looking for it. So we want to show our product in front of them and try and spark their attention. These are in very visual platforms, places like Instagram, Facebook, Tik Tok, Reddit, right? These are areas where we can show our ads to people and try and encourage them to click and we show it to people who might have an interest in our product. Okay? We're generating the demand for our product. So your role now is to determine which platform is going to be right for your product. Do you have a

00:17:47
product that people actively search for? If they do, then go down to search platforms. or do you have a product that people don't know really exists and you need to generate demand then go down those visual platforms. Okay? And I only want you to choose one in this early stage because I want you to become a master of that platform and learn how to do the ads in that platform. Once you've determined that then you can browse my YouTube channel to learn how to actually run the ads. But these are the steps I

00:18:09
want you to take. I want you to launch a campaign in that platform. We need to run it for at least 7 days. We don't want to turn it off in one or two days and we want to give it a relatively decent budget. So it's not a $5 or $10 a day budget. We need to be spending at least $30 to $50 a day because we need to get the data in to understand what's working and what's not working. Then after the seven days, we look at what's working, okay? And we do more of that. And then we look at what's not working

00:18:35
and we do less of that. We do that for another seven days and we continue to repeat. The idea is that we get gradually better over time because we're learning what's working and what's not working. And I want you to think about ads a little bit differently to what everyone else's teaches. Ads are a way for you to learn about what's working in your business. If they don't work, then we don't just turn them off. We want to look at them and say, "Well, why didn't

00:18:56
they work? What went wrong? What can we do differently next time to make them better?" Because every successful business is using ads to grow. So, if they don't work for you, then it's not that it's you that's doing it wrong. It means that you're just reading the data wrong to make them work. Okay? So, that's really important. Ads will work for you if you read the data and continue to improve. So, continue to learn, test, and improve. Okay? Okay, so I have an extra bonus step that I didn't

00:19:19
mention at the start. And this is one that everyone should be doing no matter what. If we think about step four, we're all capturing our customers. We want to make sure we're actually doing something with those customers. The amount of brands that I see building this huge email list, not actually emailing them is crazy, right? These are customers that are willing to buy from you. So, what I want you to do is implement follow-up emails. The first one I want you to implement is an abandoned cart

00:19:39
email. This is the one where we send an email to someone who gets to our cart but doesn't buy from us. We send an email and remind them, hey, your card's still here. Come and buy from us. We could even send them an incentive if you like that, you know, expires. We could say, for the next 48 hours, you can buy your product for 10% off, right? Create some urgency. The second follow-up email I want you to do is a thank you email. We want to actually thank the people who did buy from us. And this email needs to

00:20:03
come from you. It needs to be short and personal. It needs to be something like, "Hey, Jim, thanks so much for shopping with us. We're a really small business, and we really appreciate you supporting us. If you want to shop with us again, here is a $5 coupon code. You can use it yourself or send it to your friends. The thing about this email is is people aren't expecting to get emails from founders. They're used to buying from big companies. And when they can put a face to the company, you know, it's

00:20:25
going to get so much better and you can become memorable because people buy from people. Now, the third email I want you to follow up with is a review email. If you remember, we talked about creating proof. The best way to create proof is to get real customers to review your products. So using a tool like Judge Me, we can send out an automated email to people and request them to review our product for us. If you follow these six steps, you will get your first 50 sales on Shopify. I can pretty much guarantee

00:20:48
it. But if you needed any help in implementing any of these steps, I do run an e-commerce academy and we have a program which is called the E-commerce Boot Camp. And our goal is to take you from side hustle to full-time, right? So that you can earn a real income from your e-commerce business. So I've put a link down below if you want to join the e-commerce boot camp. But if that's not for you and you're a bit of a self-arner, I want you to check out this next video, which is the e-commerce

00:21:10
operating system. It's the framework that we use to take people from side hustle to full-time all the way to a freedom business.

