00:00:00
As a clothing brand, you need to stop looking at just clothing brands for your inspiration. And that's what I'm going to start doing with the million-dollar brand playbook is looking at not just clothing brands, but other brands that are doing e-commerce or selling some sort of product that I think the branding and marketing is really good. I'm going to start talking about those. And this is a really good one in Marvis toothpaste. Now, bear with me because this is one of the best master classes

00:00:29
on marketing to a niche consumer. And so, I'm going to show you exactly why why Marvis is fantastic at it. And you're going to learn some really really good tactics at the end of this video on how you can market the same way for your brand and literally carve out your own path for your marketing that isn't just like copy and pasting every other clothing brand out there. Before I do that, if you haven't already, subscribe for more. so that you can get content like this every single week. I post

00:00:58
multiple times a week where I just show you exactly how I grew my brand to millions per year getting our silver Shopify uh bag and also landing on the Inc. 5000 list for 2025. Uh this is stuff that literally no other brand scaler is going to be able to show you because most of the brand scalers out there now are just focusing on like being a brand scaler and selling courses and stuff. So they're not they haven't even given themselves the chance to even scale to this point um with their brands

00:01:28
and so most of their advice just doesn't even actually matter for e-commerce brands and uh any brand scaler can come step to me on that [clears throat] specific talking point. So from from here let's get into the actual meat of the training. So Arvis is literally showing a masterclass in submersive marketing and you can that's evident by the fact that they literally brought in over $und00 million in revenue in 2023. That's the most up-to-date sales metrics that they have on the internet is 2023

00:02:00
they they made $90 million euros which is over hund00 million in sales. And the way that they've been able to achieve that is not only do they have a really good distribution um as far as retail, like their website doesn't even sell their product, they just sell bulk to retail. But what you can learn from them is the is creating the need for their product by embedding themselves in the world of other products that their that their niche consumer uses. So, you can see in all of these videos, like this is

00:02:32
this right here is like Instagram stuff that I I actually found out about Marvis by doing um by doing the exercises that I do for brands inside of the 30-day mentorship that I have in the link below. You can click that if you want to look into that. But I I literally found out about Marvis and and what they were because I was doing research for brands to create a niche consumer for their brand. And I just kept seeing Marvis pop up as I was doing this by doing, you know, mood boarding on Pinterest, mood

00:03:07
boarding from Instagram, all of that type of stuff. I just continuously saw them pop up. So, this is why I decided to show them that they are doing exactly what I teach my clients to do and what I show my clients to do, which is take your product and embed it in the world of the consumer that you're trying to reach. And if you if you don't even know what your consumer is, we're going to go over that in this in this video. Like if you can't tell me exactly who your brand reaches down to like their aesthetic,

00:03:36
down to the other items they use, down to the locations that they go to, then you're you're like doomed from the start. Like your brand you're running an old old playbook that probably a lot of the the brand scalers are like telling you to run, but it just doesn't work anymore. One of the reasons why your brand hasn't gained the traction that you want it to, whether you've gotten some level of success or no success at all, the reason why that's happening is because you haven't been doing the type

00:04:02
of marketing that's that's like this. And this brand is a masterclass in it. You see, every single one of these these images isn't like Marvis saying, "Buy my product." It's saying that people use my product and this is how they use it. This is how it looks when you have it in your world. This is how it elevates the look of your other stuff. This is how it elevates your life. Like this one right here, this this image, this is how it elevates my bathroom. This is what it

00:04:32
looks like with all of my other stuff like in the bathroom, like when I'm ready to get ready for the day. Or maybe I'm packing to go on a trip, right? You have to put your toothpaste in the in the bag. This one right here, this is like packing for the for the gym or something, right? This is this is packing my bag for the day. People People have literally gotten to the point where they take Marvis toothpaste with them places because of the way that it looks. Like that's what they've created.

00:05:00
This is a pretty good one where they're like packing their bag. They have the Marvis toothpaste. They have a bunch of other brands that that people are liking right now. All of these things. And the reason why they do that is because when you think about it, where can your product be shown off with other products? That's what you have to think is like where can my product be shown off with other products so that they're elevated to that same status, to that same exact status. Like this right here,

00:05:30
this is a like a $250 cologne, right? these each of these ASOP like serums and stuff like that like these are all $75 a piece or whatever, you know, like all of this is expensive stuff. Replica is even kind of expensive sometimes, right? Like these are all desirable products within this niche of like the clean boy aesthetic and so they put them in this. And Marvis might not have even made this at this point. They probably started this trend, but now people are just using it at this point. They're just

00:06:03
using it in these aesthetic posts so that they can show it off as like a status symbol in a sense. So the main takeaways that I want you to have from this are uh you you need to understand your perfect consumer profile. Now Marvis knows who they're marketing to just with their branding, with the metallic looking packaging and stuff like that. Like they know who their target customer is. Like really it just comes down to like it's the clean boy, clean girl aesthetic that um that they're going for. And so they

00:06:31
understand their niche consumer profile, their perfect consumer profile. And then what they what you need to do at that point is you need to attach yourself to the products that already exist within your target consumer. The products, the the locations, the things, everything that you're that your consumer does, you need to attach your product to that. And then you embed yourself in your niche through transformation content. So, if you look at it like here, this right here is taking all the products that the

00:06:57
that the people in that niche use and they're putting it they're transforming it into an activity of like I'm going tra I'm traveling somewhere. I'm going on a trip, right? And this right here, I'm going on a trip. This one right here is like I'm packing my bag for school. This transformation content is it makes my my bathroom look really aesthetic, right? And so these are all things that you need to think about for your brand is how how do I understand my perfect consumer profile, which we're about to

00:07:25
get into right now, and how do you attach yourself to that consumer's world through product, other products that exist, things that they want to do, locations that they typically go to, things like that. And we're going to get into that right now. I'm going to literally break down exactly how to create your own consumer profile and how to attach your brand to that consumer profile. So, you're not even in you're your marketing is going to be so above your competitors after doing this

00:07:50
because no one no one knows how to even do this. Like most brands, they just want to like they they make a brand just so they can say they have a clothing brand. Um and two, you're going to know exactly what your consumer is thinking and you're going to think about your consumer more than 99% of the brands that are already out there. But before I do that, if you want to work with me to create your own consumer profile with you, like if you want me to sit down and do it with you and actually build out

00:08:20
the marketing and all of that around it, all you have to do is click the link that's in the description and you'll be able to join my 30-day mentorship program where I do that with you and build all the marketing around your consumer profile. That's literally what you're what every brand is missing right now. Um, anyone who says anything otherwise is probably just trying to lie to you so they could sell you some sort of course or some sort of overpriced, you know, Facebook ad service or

00:08:46
something like that. If your brand isn't making sales on its own, you don't need Facebook ads. You're going to waste money with Facebook ads. You need to understand your consumer profile and how to like get a death grip on that consumer so that they honestly will buy anything from you at that point. So with that, we need to get into understanding our consumer profile and turning that into content. It's very very important. Now to do that, you need to pick a niche. For this example, I I picked

00:09:15
sneaker heads, right? Just off the top of my head. And then you need to niche down again. So I did sneaker heads that live in New York or some big city, right? And this right here is your is like your niche avatar. This is where you're going to start with, you know, picking out the aesthetics and the environments and the activities that your consumer profile has in their world, like the aesthetics that they wear or live their life by, the environments that they go to, um, and the activities that that they do. So,

00:09:43
when you do this, I literally just searched sneaker heads on Pinterest. And what that allowed me to do was find this really large library of different aesthetics that are going on in this world, activities, aesthetics, environments that they're in. And so I pulled those out. I pulled out streetear from this. I pulled out Y2K. There's there's definitely some Y2K um influence um going on in in these aesthetics. I I pulled out Roadman. Roadman. You can see like this right here. Roadman. Roadman.

00:10:17
I pulled out road man. And then there's like the baddy aesthetic right here. And those things that you're looking for are just literally like the types of aesthetics that people are rocking in like these images. And if you don't know what like an aesthetic is or you don't know how to like pick out an aesthetic and know what it looks like, just look up a list of male aesthetics, a list of female aesthetics, and you'll be able to um find lists of like what the names of these aesthetics are. That's not my job

00:10:43
to teach you that. Now, with that, I found environments like these guys are going to like the bodeas, right? This guy's in a bodega with his friends. Shoe stores cuz they're sneaker heads, right? They're sneaker heads, so they're shoe stores. Um, you know, bus stops. I think there's a guy at a bus stop somewhere in here. Stuff like that. Um, at home, out in the city. This person's out in the city. And then the activities is like they're about to leave their house, linking up with friends right here. And

00:11:11
then, you know, listening to music, shopping, stuff like that. all the activities that you see people doing in these images when you search your niche. Like if your niche is sneaker heads, I literally just found all the aesthetics and things like that. From here, uh all you really have to do after that is you have to get a little bit of creativity flowing and start thinking about what their rituals, habits, and items are that they use in their in like their already existing brand world, right? Cuz

00:11:40
everyone has items that they that they reach for every day. Everyone has rituals that they do. Everyone has habits. And so we need to get a little creative and start diving into what your consumer, now that you kind of have a good profile on like who they are, what is your consumer like doing and using and all of that type of stuff. So with this, you can see my list of rituals and habits that I have. And once you break those down, things like, you know, late night food after going out, some of the

00:12:10
habits they have is like maybe they're, you know, always out, they're hanging out with like all of the popular people, all of the people who have like a following, things like that. Items, they have, you know, fast food, they have motorbikes, things like that. Like you just look at my list here. From there, all all you really have to do once you have your list of rituals, habits, and items is you just create a combination of those three things. And that's what your content is. That's what your

00:12:37
content like is centered around. So, it might not, for example, when you come to like Marvis again, it might not be like laid out grids like this, right? Laid out grids of like of like glasses and things like that or like packing, right? might not be that for your brand. Probably won't be if you're like a street wear brand, right? But you can see how where they took their inspiration and all of their niche consumers items and put them together in one thing. You can do the same thing down here, right? Like this for example,

00:13:12
you know, this type of jewelry, this these types of of accessories and then you put your shirt in it and that's that's what your content can be. Doesn't have to be like videos and stuff like that. It could just be you take the pieces right from our breakdown over here, the rituals, habits, and and items and you combine, you know, rituals and habits and items together. So, it might be the ritual might be, you know, this right here, going out to eat at In-N-Out after they've been out, you know, you

00:13:42
know, going out to clubs or whatever. They go to In-N-Out. You have all the different little accessories and things like that that you've marked down. So, you know that you have those as like props and then they're wearing your shirt. Like, this is probably exactly what this brand right here, whatever this this brand t-shirt is. I almost guarantee you that's exactly what they've done here. They have the Gucci hat, the Gucci wallet. They you basically create the bit that the model

00:14:10
is wearing by understanding their items that they use. You create the sets for the shoots by understanding the environments and the rituals that they have. And then all of the actions and things like that that they're doing are all based on their habits and activities that you have listed. And then you just weave your job is to weave your product into it. And that's literally all that content is. And that's what Marvis Toothpaste did. That's what all of these other brands that are blowing up with

00:14:36
this type of content, which this is the new meta for content. That's what they're doing. And so, like I said before, all your job is is to create content that is a combination of the rituals and habits and items from this list. And all you have to do is weave your product into that equation somewhere, right? And that'll that's exactly how you start speaking to your your perfect consumer and actually getting them to start understanding and wanting your product without you having to literally tell them or give them a

00:15:07
discount or show them an ad that's getting them to buy. You don't need to do that. This is this is the new meta for content. And so with that, again, if you want to work with me one-on-one to do this for your brand, to build out your consumer profile, to build out your content plan, and to do all of the stuff that I just kind of showed you in this training, all you have to do is click the link that's in the description, and you can join my 30-day mentorship program, and I'm going to show you

00:15:36
one-on-one for 30 days, help you build this out for your brand. And at the end of it, you'll you'll understand your your perfect consumer. you'll understand how to speak their language so it doesn't even feel like they're being marketed to and all you have to do is just create content that already exists in their world. And when you do put advertising behind that and when you do know new drops, new clothing drops, new collections, all of that stuff is amplified so much more than just like

00:16:06
trying to run some old playbook that doesn't even work anymore. And with the base of understanding your consumer and knowing how to create this type of content, your brand, everything gets better with your brand. Every single thing gets that gets easier. It's easier to drop. It's easier to run advertising. It's easier to build a following. It's easier to build your SMS list. It's easier to know what type of products to develop after that. And so if you want to do that with me one-on-one, you can

00:16:36
just click the link that's in the description and join my 30-day mentorship program. So that's that. If you haven't already, subscribe to the channel and like this video, share this video, do all the stuff that helps out my small channel. And yeah, that's pretty much it. I'll see you in other videos.

