00:00:00
Here's why clothing brands posting more on Instagram are actually getting worse results. And it's not a content problem. It's a strategy problem. It's not because brands stopped trying or Instagram stopped working. It's because the way brands win on the platform has quietly shifted. Now, I know this because I spend every single day inside of real clothing brand accounts. Brands at very different stages, and I'm seeing the same patterns over and over. So, in this video, I'm going to show you what's

00:00:23
actually working on Instagram for clothing brands in 2026. specifically how brands are using broadcast, DMs, trial reels, and episodic content together as a system, not random tactics. One of the biggest shifts I'm seeing right now that Instagram is no longer just a posting platform. It's a distribution platform. And for clothing brands, broadcast channels are becoming one of the most important pieces of that. [music] Now, if you've been sleeping on broadcast, don't worry. Everyone has because it's new and there

00:00:50
aren't really rules to play by yet. I think some people may not even have it, but we've been testing them and with the right strategy, they can truly build trust, the precursor [music] to more sales. So, if you're wondering real quickly what broadcasts are, it's basically an option for you. This is what it looks like. So, this is the clothing brand owners club. We put this together. You can create and label your broadcast however you'd like. This is what it looks like on the inside. What

00:01:14
is it? It's an ability for a brand owner to speak and create content via DM to a mass amount of people. It's like basically everybody getting access to a DM that I send. What I have been testing a lot more of and just personally on our side is creating voice memos. Two, three, four minute voice memos and polls to engage with people. You can create things however you would like. But the cool and fun things here is I like to share wins. I like to give insight. I like to give value here. And you can do

00:01:44
something similar, but this is what a broadcast looks like. I can create a voice memo. I can do this right now and actually do a voice memo, start talking, and I could send it to people. I could create a poll. I could create a promp prompt. I could go live in here. I could add a story in here as well. Okay. So, one cool thing about the broadcast, again, this is all based off of follower count. You can have people join. People are wondering, hey, how can I get access to uh somebody's broadcast? [music] Very

00:02:10
simple. Okay. Okay. So, we go back over here to Instagram. If I go to our profile, you'll see this and you'll see the clothing brand owners club. If you click that and go over here, it will pull up this which takes you inside of here and that's where people can join. So, a lot of profile visits. We're going to talk about that in a second on how you can actually maximize content and profile views. But anyway, 107 people have joined here so far. Hey, go join us. Uh send some cool stuff in there.

00:02:39
But anyway, uh you can get people to engage. You can also allow people to respond. So they can respond back to this, reply back to these messages. And then you can ask questions to them as well. Like if you have a large following, you may want this, you may not want this. For us, I don't care. I want to talk to people. So it can be a talking at somebody or talking with people. You can post your YouTube videos in here. You can post your best performing reels in here. You can do your drops. A lot of people will do

00:03:04
that. Okay. So you got a drop that's coming up. You can tease it inside of here. You can turn this into like a VIP. I think of this as a better like 90% open rate type of thing for like SMS, but it cost you nothing and is also significantly better than a Facebook group. So, build a community here. That's really what Instagram is pushing. If the majority of your business and sales are happening here, like great. Build something. Get the community going. Like, get them all happy. Everybody is happy uh because you're

00:03:34
adding value to them. you're building community together and then you can send them over to your latest drop which is to make more money. Now, the brands that are winning over on Instagram uh right now aren't chasing oneoff virus post. They're building repeat attention and that's exactly what episodic content does. Now, before we get into that, I just wanted to say a quick hey howdy and hello. So, my name is Aaron. I've been running Bit Branding for over the last 11 years. In the last 12 months though,

00:04:02
we've helped over 300 clothing brands generate over $und00 million in sales. Now, if you found any value in this video so far, even learned one little thing, please give us a nice little like and subscribe. It is free. And if you do it in the next 3 seconds, I'll share with you a picture of my current favorite NBA play. All right, so we have two groups of people here. Those who remember, and actually, let me draw this cuz I it should be good. Two groups of people here. All right, we've got those

00:04:26
who remember TV before streaming and those without. Okay, so let's just look at it this way. So we got streaming and then those without. Hey, I promise this will make more sense. This will give you an example here. All right, so this episodic content we got before and after streaming and then without. Let me explain. So the goal with episodic content is content that is a series, right? It's where we build a parasocial relationship. If you're new to the channel, you probably may not know this,

00:04:53
but like we're looking for episode 1 2 3 4, etc. But a parasocial relationship is where like for example you may be watching this video. Maybe for some of you you've been watching for years and you [music] feel like you may know me because of inflection or the way that I talk or the things that I talk about or you know about my family or know that I live in Dallas and stuff like that which you know don't find me on the internet. But the point is in a parasocial relationship you get to understand more

00:05:20
about who the person is and you feel like you actually know them. Parasocial relationships are while getting people to do the number one thing that you want Instagram to do, which is to get them to stay longer and to come back. If somebody feels like they know you and you create episodic content, they'll come back to Instagram. And because they come back at Instagram, that platform will reward you. Okay? So, let's go through episodic cont. And then I wanted to show you on Instagram how you can

00:05:47
tell if you're creating a good content through a profile conversion test. All right? So if you were born in the mid '9s or before, so older, then you probably and I know, I hear you, dinosaur, right? You probably either remember your parents or you watching the TV show ER. Okay, maybe you know something about it, maybe you don't. But the point here, this came on every single weekday or a time of the week at a very specific time and you were left with a cliffhanger at the [music] end of

00:06:12
that episode, which would make you want to tune in for the second, the third, the fourth, etc. Like we were talking about over here, right? You want that. That's kind of what you're getting with streaming. It's just like on demand. We won't get into the show Seinfeld and how they defied all odds by creating a show about absolutely nothing. But I digress. Okay. My point is that if you know your audience, which you should, and if you do not know, here's a very quick way to do it. Um, and then we can get into this

00:06:37
episodic content. Okay. So, everybody starts with a problem. So, this is a problem that your audience has. We call them a struggling avatar. The next thing that you need to do is position yourself, your t-shirt, your high-end brand, your luxury product, whatever it is, as the unique solution. Your product is solving a problem. If you're like, well, I sell clothes, it doesn't solve a problem. Let me take a step back here. Every clothing brand is solving something that is aspirational, an

00:07:04
aspirational identity of where somebody wants to become [music] and who they are not, right? They're looking at the gap instead of the gain. Here, go check out the book. So struggling avatar unique solution future pace hero basically what is their life like afterwards if you know who your audience is and if you understand that what their problems are right what makes them sad and how you can make them happy with your clothes. By the way if you want this I have documents walking through everything. Just comment the

00:07:32
word avatar down below. I will send you the documents [music] to get this out of your head so you can truly understand who your audience is. Cuz turns out if you know who your audience is and what their problem is, [music] you'll be able to create content that resonates. Now that you know who your audience is, you know their biggest problems, their biggest dreams, you can create content that tell stories or solves those problems through episodic type of content. For example, day one of using

00:07:55
random clothes in my closet to style, right? Whatever it is, right? Maybe it's style my first job, whatever. Day 34 of getting my toddler ready for school in under 15 minutes, right? That would could be a series. Come back, right? What is what is she wearing today or he wearing today or how am I making this happen? All right, so most clothing brands are still guessing what type of content will work then blaming the algorithm when it doesn't. So trial rules number three here is trials. Trial

00:08:20
rules change that if you actually use them the right way. Most people have been using the wrong way and I know last year people were using hacks to just put every video they had into a trial reel and expecting them to go viral. So, when you're getting ready to post, if you see down here at the bottom, okay, I've got trial reels. You can turn this on. Trial reels can't also be shared on Facebook and threads. You can still share this as a trial reel on Instagram only or cancel if you want, blah blah blah. So, share

00:08:47
as a trial reel and then I would share here. Let me read this to you cuz I think it's important. So, in the feed and reels, your reel will only be shown to non-followers at first and it won't appear on your profile. If it performs well, you can also choose to automatically share it with everyone. Basically, the biggest problem that people have had with the reels is that it goes to followers and doesn't reach outside people. But what everyone did wrong last year was put their reels there. So, they did the trial reels and

00:09:11
they didn't change anything and continued to upload all their content there that was very similar. They would take the same video and then re-upload it. And they just continued to try to like cheat the system and they either got banned or they didn't get any reach at all or sometimes they had the feature completely taken away. So, the best way for your clothing brand to use trial reels is to upload two to three different reels that are completely different hooks, right? Let's test what's going on. So, every week, if you

00:09:37
got, [music] you know, one piece of one piece of content a day or one reel a day, what are two or three reels that you can put into trial reels over here? And then, what is it that is completely different, a different hook? Let's talk about good hooks, though, because it isn't just what you say, but it's the visuals that matches with it as well. for example, this hook. Great one. The hook is like it's completely different than what you've seen previously, but like the visual there.

00:10:04
So, the hook isn't just the text. It's also the visual that matches with it as well. Now, this particular reel is awesome because it really kind of stands out. And so, people are wondering, how can I create this? And then it's a little level of inception. But that's just an example. Look, if you want someone to help you with not only Instagram, but how to scale your clothing brand, you can schedule a free strategy session with us. Just check out the link in the description. Now, at

00:10:25
this point, if you're a clothing brand that doesn't have a real DM strategy, Instagram isn't a sales channel. It's just content. And automation is what turns DMs from chaos into a system. So, let me share with you a funnel that you should have in place. And then we can step back even further, as I promised, a 30,000 foot view of your Instagram strategy, and I'll share with you how we can connect everything together to give you the game plan for what you need for the rest of this year. Okay. So, this is

00:10:55
a complete automation inside of Minihat. If you don't know what Minihat is, Minihat is an automation tool that takes your DMs to collecting actual data, email addresses, phone numbers, and you can send broadcast, not to be confused with Instagram broadcast, but uh allows you to send campaigns to the people who join Minihat who you've been basically DMing with. So, this is an automation tool that we used and have created inside of Minihat. So the automation works very simple. Okay. So if somebody

00:11:26
would comment on a post for this, they would comment the word vacay. We would respond back to [music] the comments. We would then send them the DM. If they responded with the information, we would basically move to the next thing and move the contact. We're asking for their email address. We would wait and then we would ask them for their phone number. If they said no, we would delay and wait and ask, "Hey, did you forget to do something?" Then we'd follow up, follow up again, let them know like, hey, you

00:11:54
did join the SMS list as well, like, hey, would you like to join the SMS and get some kind of deal or offer, whatever it would be. Then they join the SMS. If they sorry, if they forgot um the SMS or they did join it, this is a response back. So, hey, thanks for being part of the VIP. We would delay. There's actually no real waiting time here, but we did put a little bit of a wait, send them another third message. Hey, just checking in. Did you get that message? Let me resend it. Perfect. Got them

00:12:22
scheduled. But the whole point is that they create, they comment on the content that we created. We then get them and give them something of value. We then bring them through this quote unquote funnel of collecting their email address, offer them more incentive to collect SMS and we are building our email list and SMS list at the same time. You could probably guess how powerful that would be. So what you would do um just give this kind of full context here. You would create content that would be episodic type of content.

00:12:51
You take that content which we'll talk about here in a second for your profiles and how you can actually see which content is actually performing well and if your profile is in good shape. So you create episodic content you get that content for whatever it is like you know day whatever you know XYZ. After that we create content that where we know the problem of our audience. So create content around the problem. We get them and say, "Hey, if you want this, for example, if you know that you have a

00:13:21
customer or sorry, if you know your audience is uh are moms who are trying to figure out stuff with toddlers, maybe you got a kids line and the problem is getting them in, you know, ready in the morning like I talked about earlier, you could create content around that problem and then just comment the word toddler, maybe something a little bit easier." And when they comment the word toddler, they'll then move into your minihat flow. through mini chat. You're going to collect their email address. You're

00:13:48
going to collect SMS. This automatically just to give you some context, too. If you're following me, this is also going to connect directly to like your Claio. So, it will get added to Claio. You can send an email series there if that's also part of this. Okay? Because we collect their email address. We should talk to them. So, we collect their minihat. Uh, and also I should probably change this just so you know. Clavio, I'll change it to blue. But they follow the minihat flow. collect the email address, create the

00:14:15
phone number or collect the SMS rather and it all came from episodic content. Okay. The other thing we're going to do is that anytime somebody follows us, you can do through Minihat and AutoDM and you can send a Minihat flow that way. Maybe right away you're just saying, "Hey, here's a voice message." And you invite them to the broadcast. So [music] maybe that's step one. But the whole point here is that as soon as somebody follows you, ask them to take the next step. Hey, join the broadcast. inside of

00:14:41
the broadcast, you create content or voice memos giving advice to people on how to help with toddlers as well or your newest drop, but you're part of that community. So now you've taken somebody from [music] watching your episodic content to joining your email list over here to joining and following you over on Instagram because they went from this content there to joining your broadcast and now you're in multiple places. And as Google says, being on multiple platforms, being in multiple

00:15:08
places is what builds trust, familiarity, right? And so the precursor for sales is trust. And then once you have this, you can continue. Let's say for example that new drop, you can use minihat to let them know about the new collection, the new drop. You can use the broadcast to let them know. You can send an email. You can send SMS. And that is all right without ads. This is how you can build a clothing brand, right? It's all organic. What you want to do is you want to go to your professional dashboard. The thing that

00:15:38
you're looking for is your profile visits. So, we've got 3,000. You can do a 30-day uh span. Profile visits. All right. You scroll on down all the way down here. You see profile activity, profile views. So, profile views, 28.96. You're going to divide 28.96 by your total followers. And that will give you a percentage. Okay? If you're below 10%, your profile health [music] is not the greatest. Okay? If it goes up 10 or 11 to 20, you're in a decent spot. Basically, this tells you, hey, people

00:16:11
are seeing my content, but when they go to my profile, they actually aren't engaging. You really want a good profile engagement. This tells you that there's consistency with your profile and actually gets more people to follow. What you can do is you can go over to views and find out, okay, from your content, by your top content, the last 30 days. Hey, just to give context here. So, I'm going over to your views up at the top by top content. See all last 30 days, which is fine. And I'm going to

00:16:43
change the filter here and sort by. And this will tell me, hey, in the last 30 days, which pieces of content gave me the most amount of followers, right? So, really on this, not a ton. There's two here, there's two there, there's one there. Okay, this last 30 days. But you can see, okay, what type of content do people actually care about? What kind of content do they want? And then you can [music] take that content, make adjustments to it, change hooks, make better visual hooks, create more of it,

00:17:07
and then make sure that your profile actually lines up, right? Make sure that this section, the top section, lines up with the type of content that you're creating, where you're getting those followers, because it only takes one, two, three, four videos of just reaching a lot more people to gain more followers. This will tell you your profile health. But if you're getting a bunch of people to this account, for example, I mean, this is something that we're working on as well, is if you're

00:17:34
getting a lot of views, if you're getting a lot of people to the account, but not a lot of follows, then there's a disconnect between that profile. It's very, very important for the health of your business to continue to grow. Okay? They give you a number. Like I said, below 10% unhealthy. Focus on the profile. Focus on the views. Figure out what you can do to get better. 10 to 20, you're in a pretty decent spot. That means that the people who are coming through, you can really start to use

00:17:57
these tools like Minihat. You can use the broadcast. Not that you can't previously. It's all free, but why spend more time working on Minihat and the broadcast if you don't have the content and dialed in? Which is why I said episodic content in 2026 is going to dominate. Now, the number one question I get after talking about Instagram organic is how to use ads to scale, right? Take this organic stuff, build on it, and actually scale. So go watch this video on Instagram ads for clothing

00:18:24
brands right here.

