00:00:00
What's up? Yeah, so basically it's exactly as the title says. This is the entire system that I'm currently using to run my brand Pathos of Things and it's also how I helped scale Be Lovely to $100,000 in recurring revenue per month with Tik Tok Shop. You're going to watch me build a brand concept completely from scratch over the next 8 hours. I go over brand story, target audiences, value propositions, analyzing competitors, putting together an amazing design system, including a unique logo,

00:00:28
typography, and color palette. I show you my entire process of using Clo 3D and outsourcing to CL 3D professionals to create designer garments. I talk about my entire manufacturing process so I can get these designer garments actually made and they're no longer concepts. I'm bringing them into the world. Then I'll break down my entire operations and fulfillment system. I'll talk a little bit about self-fulfilling, which I did in the past, as well as using a 3PL like Pietro, which is what I

00:00:53
currently use. Then we'll move into creative direction and content. I'll show you how I use AI tools to visualize creative concepts before I shoot them in real life. I'm going to put you on to an excellent e-commerce experience. I build a Shopify site from scratch and then I do a follow-up section where I do a full conversion rate optimization audit or CRO audit for that Shopify site to make it even better and more profitable. Then I cover social media, specifically Tik Tok and Instagram, and the marketing

00:01:20
aspect, including email marketing, automated flows using Clavio, and paid ads, where I break down an entire paid ads funnel, and I even go into the back end, open up the meta ads manager, and show you how to set up the ads from scratch, whether you have ad experience or not. If this sounds good, buckle up. If you want to take things to the next level, join my school group. Link is in the description, and I hope you enjoy the video. We're going to start at step one, which is the brand armor stage.

00:01:48
You're going to need all of these things. A brand story, and I'll show you a tool I use to help convey my brand story and optimize my brand story. You need to identify your target audience. You need your brand needs a unique value proposition. Something that's going to help you stand out in the market so that way you don't just become more landfill clothing content or just another Tik Tok shop brand. You need to analyze your competitors. Figure out what other brands are doing. Figure out which

00:02:22
brands might eat up your market share. There's only a certain amount of money that gets spent on your niche every year. And there are lots of different brands competing for that pool of the money. Next, you will need a business bank account which will allow you to accept money. And in order to do that, you're going to need to incorporate the brand. I used Legal Zoom and I made an LLC for my fashion brand, Pathos of Things. You might need a corporation. Either way, you're going to need these two things. A

00:03:00
business bank account with an EIN number if you live in the US, and you need to incorporate the brand, whether that's as an LLC or a corporation. And you also need trademarks and copyright to protect yourself. If you plan on changing the logo a bunch of times or testing a bunch of different aesthetics, don't jump right into trademarking your logo right away. But if you are pretty set on your logo and the typography, which is something we'll get to in the identity blueprint, but if you're pretty set on your logo, yeah,

00:03:38
definitely protect yourself, get a trademark, and then make sure you're protected legally. Issues are not really going to become a thing until you start making money, at least from what I've seen. So you might fly under the radar for a while and then as soon as the brand starts making some cash, people will come out of the woodwork as they say and be like, "Oh, that's actually my brand's idea and you didn't copyright this or whatever." So it's just good to make sure that all of these things are

00:04:10
addressed and that might take months. This is not something that is just like you think about it for a little while and then you ask chat TPT about it. We you can use AI prompts and I'll show you some that I use, but it it's really something that you need to feel in your soul as well and is related to your taste in fashion or in clothing because now pretty much everybody has access to Claude or Chat GPT and can even feed the transcript of this video into one of those AI tools for example

00:04:51
and have break down the strategy and give someone ideas for a brand, but I really like to see that more as just like a starting point. If you plan on using AI to put together your brand armor, be very specific about what tips you accept from the AI. And definitely don't be afraid to disagree with it or change your mind. I'm going to show you some AI tools and prompts that I set up here in notion in a little bit. But these notion workspaces like this brand identity builder, all of these are available in the paid group.

00:05:37
So that's brand armor. Let's now jump into that notion workspace and explore some brand armor strategies for putting this together. So, I'm here now in my notion system and we're here in the brand armor section. Let's start by checking out the build your identity section. There are quite a few exercises in here. I think we should just pick one of them just to demonstrate how this works. I've been cooking up an idea for a women's tennis brand with a colleague recently

00:06:18
that we're calling Sugar Baby. This is the prototype for the Sugar Baby brand and initial product launch. I plan on uploading another video tomorrow breaking down this whole brand deck. But for this video, I want to just demo the notion template and work on some of the brand foundations for this madeup brand. Okay. So, I have this Figma outline over here on the right panel. And let's put the notion template here on the left panel. I think that looks pretty good. We can even make it a little more

00:07:02
symmetrical. Boom. Okay. So, now this is a really good way to use the workspace, the notion workspace. I'm also going to have a ChachiBT assistant window on underneath these other panels. So that way I can kind of just swipe up on my Mac and then I have all three tools here in the same window. It's like pretty easy to go back and forth with them. And I can also command tab to go through any of these tools. Okay, so let's read the top of the notion document or template here. You're

00:07:42
about to define your brand's reason for existing. Use this space to make decisions that will guide everything from product to marketing. If this feels hard, good. A strong brand isn't built on aesthetic alone. Okay, nice. A little generic, but you get the point. First, we're going to define the mission, vision, and value. So, what change are you trying to create? Let's reference the document. It says, "Sugar Baby makes performance tennis wear that doubles as ultra ultra cute street style, letting you move from

00:08:17
match point to matcha run without missing a beat." All right, next part. Who are you here to serve? Let's look at the client or customer avatar here. So, let's put women age 19 to 26, lives in large US or UK city, attends college or works flexible hours in social media, beauty or hospitality. Okay. What do you make that no one else does? I'm going to say Sugar Baby makes active wear that isn't too plain or overtly gym coated. Every piece is engineered to pass the say pounce test, serve, plunge,

00:09:29
sprint, and the camera test. Flattering angles, pop color stitching. Maybe let's elaborate on the active wear that isn't too plain or overtly gymcoated. Competitors either look cute or athletic. Say we'll drop a micro collection of exactly three cuz we have three fits here. Exactly three. mix and match pieces and it'll drop every six weeks. Okay, that seems pretty good for now. Sugar Baby makes active wear that isn't too plain or overtly gym coded. Competitors either look cute or

00:10:28
athletic. Micro collection of exactly three mix and match pieces. Drop every 6 weeks. Every piece is engineered to pass the bounce and camera test. Let's maybe elaborate a little bit. Conveyors either look cute or athletic. Sugar baby is both play tennis match and then go to brunch in the same fit without looking sweaty. We can even elaborate on that and say the customer won't be sweaty because the fabric has moisture wicking technology. Boom. Let's say I like this one. Sees being cute as a competitive sport.

00:11:23
Loves rushes. Workouts. Social buzz, Instagram likes, nostalgic for Tumblr era, Y2K, but demands modern fit and tech fabrics. Nice. Okay. All right. So, that's the mission exercise. Let's do the vision exercise and the values exercise. And then we're going to feed all that information into the custom GPT and then just have a little chat about it. What does the world look like when your brand succeeds? First and foremost, more young women tennis players will have more cute tennis outfit fit choices

00:12:18
on the market. More Tik Tok content about tennis gets created. Tennis back in the zeitgeist. Tennis becomes less stiff culturally. We're going to start seeing more culture eases eases up to cute and sultry vibes. which we'll say is less formal or maybe less traditional which actually wow that ties into this next one. So what long-term cultural or emotional shift do you want to help shape tennis back in the zeitgeist tennis becomes less stiff culturally? Okay, so that's kind of plain.

00:13:13
I'd say being sporty and healthy is the trend. Yeah, that's a good one. And now, actually, I I'm going to put the Tik Tok one back in the in the first section. What does the world look like? That's Yeah, that's something that is definitely going to happen. I think that's a byproduct, but I don't know if that's a long-term cultural or emotional shift, like more Tik Tok content. I guess that's a maybe a short-term cultural or emotional shift, but it remains to be seen if that would really

00:13:47
stick. But I think if it does, then tennis is back in the zeitgeist. You start seeing a lot more Wimbledon content in your feed, even if you don't really like tennis. All right, I digress. Let's go down to the values exercise. Pick three to five values that matter most. Let's say cute but also hot but also sporty. That's going to be one value. Money minded, let's say allergic to hard work. Cuz even if they do hard work really hard, they don't want people to think they work really hard. They want to keep this

00:14:31
perception that life is just really easy and just comes to them very easy like the lucky girl syndrome. Let's say main character energy. Okay. Then there's a positioning. Then there's a positioning map. We'll skip that for now. If you want to play around with that, get the template yourself. Tonal voice selector. You could pick some tones just from this list. Um, and then all right, for the sake of this video, I'm not going to write out all these Instagram captions, but I am going to show you how I would

00:15:05
use the custom GPT to give me some feedback and analyze my idea so far. Okay, the first thing I'm going to do, and that you should do if you're following along, is open up the custom GPT project that we set up together in the pro group. There's also a custom GPT if you'd prefer to use that. But I'm going to keep this in one project because every time I make a video about it, I'll just reuse this project. And then that will give the AI more context about all the different things we've

00:15:40
been building. So the instructions are already in here. Again, grab them in the pro group that's available from day one. I'm going to start off the prompt with this section here straight out of the notion template. So, it starts like this. List the key values here. So, I'm going to fill that out. Let's put that and I'll erase the quotes. Let's put that down there. Let's copy and paste all of the key values from the notion template that we put here together. Okay. So, that's

00:16:17
part one of the mission exercise. Here's part two of the mission exercise. Part three of the exercise. I'm going to use markdown format. I'm going to call this the mission exercise. Going to make this two hashtags actually. And above that, I'm going to have hashtag one hashtag. And then I'm going to say new project. I need you to analyze the brand identity for a brand I've been planning named Sugar Baby. Now, let's put in two hashtags. vision exercise and then I'm going to

00:17:15
copy and paste the section of the vision exercise. So that's part one. Here's part two. Okay. Now, two hashtags again. Values exercise. Key values. Cute but also hot but also sporty. Money, money minded, allergic to hard work, main character energy. What information can I provide to you in order for you to best help me gain clarity? So, before I launch that off, I'm actually going to attach some screenshots from the brand. So, I made these in midjourney, and I'm going to make another video about

00:18:11
how I prompt using midjourney and create images like this. But if you want to just get that now, sign up for the pro group. I have AI and prompting guides in there. So, then let's actually add this one here with the graphic design on it as well. Can add a ton of images. Then we'll add this as like a big screenshot. And we'll add this. And then we'll add these. I'll just do like one G screenshot for that. And now it should have some good context. I want to make sure 03 is activated because

00:18:54
currently as of July 13th, that's the most advanced model so far. Make this big. And then I'll press send. Okay. 03 is thinking. Here we go. Okay. First impression audit. Visual vibe. Color story. Bubblegum. Pink. Baby blue pastels with a black pink top stitch accent. Very Y2K. Tumbler meets early American apparel. Styling cues. Ruffled zip fronts. Cropped proportions. Dramatic crybaby makeup. Cheeky pillowy sets. It says Cupida chaotic athlete rather than traditional country club tennis. So that

00:19:32
is what I was going for. It picked up on that which I really like the crybaby makeup. But it's also like kind of bloody like this video I came up with. It's a little awkward cuz of the arms morphing together. But it really is kind of like her smashing a pillow with a tennis racket and then the ad is my sugar daddy is dead. Everything is 30% off while I audition a new one which actually chatt mentions here with my copy tone. It's meme tier irreverence borderline not safe for work zero

00:20:08
politeness filter which is exactly what I was going for with this. So that's cool. Overall the aesthetic nails main character on center court but the personality still vacasillates between playful empowerment and shock humor. Let's tighten the intent so every touch point feels deliberate, not edgy for EDG's sake. Okay, it's totally fair. I'm game where the current brand statement is strong. Mission element element. What's working? Why matters? Okay, I like that. It split it into a

00:20:40
little table for me. The mission element from match point to matcha run captures the on/offcourt utility in one line. Why it matters? Built-in story for product benefits and lifestyle. Okay, nice. Customer snapshot. Age, city, job types, Y2K, nostalgia are specific enough to visualize. Helps versus decision on pricing in channel partnerships. Product guard rails pass the bounce test and the camera test is memorable and testable. Okay, this translates tech features into social proof. Look good. No wardrobe malfunctions.

00:21:16
Drop cadence. Three-piece micro collections every six weeks. Keeps choice anxiety low. Supports scarity and fresh content loops. Okay, so that's what ChachiB3 thinks is working well so far. Now, let's look at what it thinks is not working so well. Blind spots and friction. Value wording versus perception. Money-minded plus allergic to hard work can read as superficial or lazy. Risk alienating the sporty endorphinchasing persona you described. That's great feedback. So there's maybe

00:21:53
a little dissonance there. Suggest refraraming as playfully ambitious. Wants rewards with flare and effortless execution. Designed as does the hard work so she can flex. Okay. So, where would we put that? That's going to go in the brand tone section here. So, let's change all of this to playfully ambitious, expert execution. That's great. She's not lazy. I like that design. Does hard work so customer can flex. That's kind of fire. Shock copy ceiling. Sugar daddy jokes are punchy on IG stories, but will

00:22:45
retailers, PR partners, or college team collabs repost it? Decide your red line early. Okay, we'll come back to that. Performance proof. You promise moisture wicking, bounce proof fits. Great. What are the lab specs, fabric names, or athlete testimonials that validate performance? Price, quality, positioning. No mention of MSRP. Are we talking Girlfriend Collective or Alo Tennis Tier? Without it, it's hard to map competitors or margin strategy. Nice. Okay. Next. Long-term cultural shift. Vision speaks to tennis back in

00:23:24
the zeitgeist. But why you versus Nike court, Palomao? Well, tennis or Wilson's fashion collabs need the POV that only Sugar Baby can bring. To embody the values consistently, we need clarity on. Think of this as homework you can send back. Voice and language. List four to six brand voice adjectives. This will help to shape copy guides, product names, customer service scripts. We need product specs. So, fabric composition, factory partners, tech claims, price range to research the market and defend a

00:24:00
premium pricing. If we decide that there's maybe a gap here, then we'll need to add more value to the offer, whether that's in the product itself, so we improve the fabrics or we improve the customer experience like the packaging or the shipping. Maybe we offer some kind of free shipping if we need to wait to increase the product quality. But usually I think improving the product quality is the first step here in defending premium pricing. Next is founding story. So that's more important

00:24:36
than ever. I have my own brand founding story that I'll show you on the Pathos website really quick. So if we open this up and press the about page, we see here Pathos of Things is a brand by Chris Drago. That's me. I have my mission statement and I have some text here which I spent a long time refining. So for Sugar Baby, I don't have a founding story like that because this is just a fake brand or a brand concept that I've been building and really have only been building for the last like 2 days. For

00:25:09
the next video or in a future video when I'm really breaking this down more, I think I will probably come up with a fake founder and then that'll be a fun exercise. like I'll do a founding story, but the reason why you highlight the founder is to add authenticity and media ready narrative. Anyone can start a fashion brand or a clothing brand these days. And we can go on Alibaba and find a manufacturer and that is flooding the market with cheap street wear and women's fast fashion specifically.

00:25:44
So having a founder story makes it cool or cooler at least if it's like the founder is putting out fast fashion because they're still learning. That's like a cool part of their story and it can be used later when the brand grows and they're doing cut and sew. They're doing designer. They can look back on it and be like, "Yeah, I was printing on blanks. Yeah, I was doing like crappy mock-ups. That's exactly what I'm doing. And now I'm doing full cut and sew and I explain my mockup and

00:26:11
print on demand days on these YouTube videos and in this whole group. There's no shame in starting there. But in order for that to be cool and for you to not just have another lowquality brand, you got to be on camera more, make more content, do voice over, share more of your story with social media specifically. Next, we'll research the competitive set. So, I'll need to name three brands that my customer or SugarB customer buys now and what that customer loves hates about the brand, which will pinpoint the

00:26:46
white space in design, price or tone. Whites space meaning just like product market fit, just where our brand or Sugar Baby as a brand is going to fall into the market and not be stepping on anyone's toes and not really having to worry so much about competition and market share. distribution plan, direct to consumer only, boutique pro shop placements, pop-up strategy, that's something great to think about. Boutique pro shop placements, that's super niche. That's super country club. But I think

00:27:14
that's a great way to embed it in the culture of tennis. like all the hip young tennis pros that work at I don't know prestigious country clubs like let's say like Westchester country club in New York. There's definitely a gap here where it's almost like a reverend meme lingerie meets sports brand. I kind of want to have it go more pro like a real pro is not going to want to walk out on the court like they're in tennis lingerie. This is a little more formal. I think I might iterate more on this

00:27:48
idea where it's like a nylon sport polo. I think that's really cool. I think I'll probably iterate on that more and have the general direction be a little less sugar, sugar daddy joke. But I think because the nature of the name Sugar Baby, which could be changed, I think that's going to naturally attract like a pretty specific audience. So I'll have to flush that out more as well. Visual identity rules, hex codes, type faces, logo lockup. So, I already made those. So, I can just feed that in directly.

00:28:20
Just take a screenshot of this board, feed it into chat GBT. Community rituals, any content series, challenges, loyalty perks. It turns main character energy into sharable moments. Yeah, I think this is funny and would go crazy on Tik Tok. Having this teaser campaign where it says, "My sugar daddy is dead. Everything's 30% off while I audition a new one." So on e-commerce or direct to consumer the customer will get a discount code something funny like down bad we'll limit it to 48 hours that just

00:28:55
locks in the FOMO and the scarcity and then post sale and this is also something we can blast out in social media ads is we could have a funny challenge on Tik Tok called Sugar Redeemer which is a referral program. If buyers bring a new daddy or a friend who purchases, they receive a limited charm that doubles as a key to unlock pre-orders. So, we could shoot some content about that. We could even hire some actors like a girl that would wear sugar baby coming in with her much older, rich, handsome sugar daddy. I

00:29:28
think that would be really funny and go viral on Tik Tok. Then once I submit all that to ChatGpt, which I'll do separately or in a in a different video, is the the custom GPT that I built will help put together a brand filter checklist. Voice and copy bible. Basically, this is just going to be the the blueprint for your the brand tone of voice and for any ad copy that I write or have have AI help me write. It'll create some scripts for a Tik Tok clips, a launch calendar, and a risk audit,

00:30:02
which are all awesome and I think will help the brand tremendously. And then right here at the end, it says how you can help me help you. Send over in order of priority. Voice adjective short list. Any hard no language like nothing you want I want the AI to use. Ballpark pricing and cost of good targets. Fabric technology details. The three competitor brands you respect or hate. Part of a draft caption or product description you've written so I can critique and polish in your voice. With those in hand, I can rewrite the

00:30:36
mission/vision so it punches harder and holds up to scrutiny. Draft brand filter checklist and starter copy bible section. Outline a launch week content specific to your tone. Let me know which pieces you can draw first and we'll from there. Boom. So, I can spend hours on this if I want. Feed all that information to this custom GPT that I built. But then I'm going to really really dial in this brand idea and then make a video about it just breaking down the whole thing cuz the first page is setting up the custom GPT

00:31:13
assistant. So second page and we got halfway through it. Then we can go all in on audience clarity. We can build a rich customer profile, day in their life narrative exercise, cultural signals, who and what they follow. Then once we're done with audience clarity, we can go all in on the competitor tracker. And these all build on top of each other, right? So every conversation that I have here with chat GPT, because I'm using chatbt specifically, it's going to have memory of these conversations to regain context

00:31:47
about what we've been working on. Other LLMs or AI tools don't really have that feature yet. So that's a huge plus of using chatbt. But also, we can copy and paste these conversations into other sections of the notion template and then just keep feeding it to the AI and building and building and building until this thing is fully fleshed out. We have the audience dialed in. We have how much we should price the garments, what they should be made of, have manufacturing figured out, shipping and fulfillment

00:32:21
figured out, logos, typography, and color palettes all dialed in. That's how I'm building this real fashion brand. So, these are all real pictures and videos. There's no AI. I don't publish AI images or videos on my actual work, but I do use these 3D tools. This is not AI either, but this is called Chlo. This is how I design garments, zero waste, using a computer. And then some photos of me. So everything in the notion template with these AI tools is helping me build like an actual real brand, not

00:32:55
a fake brand, not an AI brand, but I leverage AI in a way that really lets me dial in the real things and gain clarity on what actually matters. So I'm not wasting my time worrying about ads when I don't have my brand foundations dialed, things like that. It just helps me save a lot of future mistakes and it helps me save money long term. All right, so I think I'm going to end this video here. There's so much more to the notion system that I could make this video 10 hours long. I'm going to

00:33:31
tighten up some of the actual brown f brand foundations for that fake brand sugar baby. And then I'll make a video about the identity blueprint and I will finish filling out this grid and I'll explain the rest of these in more detail as well. So if you want to see that, be sure to like and subscribe. If you want access to this entire thing, I go way more in depth in the school group. I'm running a free trial right now. link in the description. Leave a comment if there's a topic you'd like me

00:34:02
to make a video about in the future and I will see you in the next one. What's up everybody? Welcome back to another video. Today's video is building on yesterday's video which was all about brand armor or step one in the full fashion brand system or fashion brand vault system. And today we're going over step two which is the identity blueprint. This is in my opinion the most important module here. I think a lot of people skip this. They skip the brand armor too. But if you skip the

00:34:34
identity blueprint and then go straight to making content or go straight to marketing and try running paid ads, which we'll get to in the next videos, so like and subscribe. But if you skip these and then try to go straight to the later steps, you end up wasting a lot of money and a lot of energy. And then that's when I see a lot of brands quit or when they decide they need to do this crazy rebrand or pivot. If you can nail this, you will avoid problems at every other step of the way. If you want to

00:35:02
get the entire fashion brand vault system with all of the modules and all of the notion templates and videos, you can get it at the link in the description. I look forward to seeing you in there and connecting with you. And if you're really just a beginner, you can get the free version of the fashion brand vault. There's a starter kit in here with maybe two and a half hours of video content and then there's an upsell for you to join the pros in FBV Pro. So check both of those out if

00:35:35
it applies to you and let's connect. What is going to differentiate you from competitors? What is going to make you stand out in the market? and what's going to make it easy for people to remember your brand and not just lose you in a sea of all the other fashion brands that are popping up these days. I've broken it down to a pretty simple system. Unique brand identity equals logo, typography, and color palette. And then spread consistently across all channels, social media, press and

00:36:07
editorial, the website, and the packaging. If you can do all these things, then it will create a unique brand identity. If you watched yesterday's video, you know all about this little fake brand that I've been building called Sugar Baby with these pastel clothes and some AI generated images and videos. This is just like a test brand. I think that making mock-ups and test brands is a great way to practice being a brand owner and a creative director. So, yesterday we filled out the brand

00:36:45
tone, the audience, and ideal customer avatar. So, we really just started putting together how we wanted the brand to look, how we wanted the brand to feel, how we wanted the brand to sound, and then put together some mock-ups. I'll end up building the full email marketing and paid ads campaign in another whiteboard. I'm actually also thinking about doing a little like Shopify live build. So, here is the example of the Sugar Baby logo. At least the logo that I'm rocking with for now.

00:37:20
So, that's the logo. We'll check off the logo box. Next for typography I picked enter as the headline and Helvetica new as the body font. So that's typography and then color palette. So I have this pink, white, light blue or baby blue and black. And then I added a little heart in the center because I wanted to do like a heart on black design. But as you'll see in this video, I'm going to talk with an AI consultant and maybe refine this down and then just the diamonds cuz I wanted it to feel a

00:38:02
little more wealthy. Give an immediate upper class vibe with the diamonds. So that's the color palette. Determining the logo typography and color palette can be brainstormed with AI. However, when it comes to such visual topics, it's really good to trust your gut. I think I'm starting to see too many people get lost just following whatever chat GPT suggests. Especially if you aren't prompt engineering or adding or adding like a custom XML prompt like I provide in the school group, chances are

00:38:40
the AI is not going to have enough context and it'll probably lead you in the wrong direction. So, trust your gut, trust your taste. Those things take time to develop and practice, but the more that you do this, the better you'll get at it. I am biased, but I personally like to use my notion vault for completing these different sections step by step like the mood board and aesthetic direction, the color palette builder, the typography planner, brand touch point tracker. Basically, what each one of these little

00:39:18
modules is a workspace that you can fill out and it comes with a pre-built AI assistant. So, you can feed the AI information about your brand, like your idea for your aesthetic direction and your color palette, and you can upload maybe a mood board that you made, and then the consultant can help walk you through your ideas. If you can dial all of these in, the brand is going to look extremely consistent and it will be easy for you to manage all of these different platforms. You save these in some kind of database,

00:39:53
whether that's a notion database or a Google drive. And then that way there's just one source of truth for your whole for your whole design system. Because that's really what we're building here is not just a unique brand identity, but an entire design system that we can then apply to every aspect of the brand for consistency. I have a ton of info about design systems and examples from other big brands like Represent. I break down Balenciaga's e-commerce experience in depth and more. So, be

00:40:33
sure to join the pro group if you want access to all of this info. But for now, I'm just going to give you like a little taste of my notes about design systems and logos and typographies and color palettes specifically. When you are creating a logo or picking typography styles for your brand, there are really two main styles that you can pick from and those are serif and sand serif. Serif has these little embellishments on the edges of the letters and sand serif fonts do not. Serif styles are a little more traditional

00:41:14
looking and serif styles are a little more modern. Here you can see a bunch of different examples from famous luxury brands. Ralph Lauren uses, Valentino uses, Lacoff, Sand Sif, and so on. NASA has a really awesome document called the graphic standards manual. It's a government document. It was built in the 1970s. Basically, it details the exact specifications that NASA or anyone collaborating with NASA would need to use in order to protect the integrity of the brand. The logo is an exact size on

00:41:54
a grid. Then the logo has a specific type scale. So these are the only sizes of the logo that are ever used. If you want to check this out, it's in the document. I also listed some cool Figma plugins that allow you to generate type scales really easily. And I have this section where you can look at all of my different logos that I used for my brand pathless of things over the years and then check out where I'm at now. For color, I really like to use palettes like this that have some sort of white, black, and gray palette

00:42:29
with a loud contrasting color like this blue or like this green. With Sugar Baby, I did something simple. I just I like whites and blacks and then some kind of loud pastel like this pink or I use this blue as a loud accent as well. And I think that the this little bubblegum cotton candy combo works really well. It's a timeless combination. The one thing I think so far that doesn't really fit is this pink on black, but I think I'll probably change that. In the group and in this document,

00:43:04
I include a pretty awesome prompt for Claude. It's an AI that will extract color palettes from your favorite images. I just took a bunch of Ralph Lauren Polo Ralph Lauren editorial images and then I fed them into Claude and then it generated these color palettes and then I like to save these color palettes in Figma. So I've been building like a little bit of a library of color palettes related to my favorite editorial images. This is the color palette that I use for my own fashion brand. It's pretty simple. I stay away

00:43:37
from reds and greens, only shades and hues of blue, black, and gray. Represent has a pretty simple design system. They have an emblem and they have a word mark and then those are just used on everything. It's either the emblem or the word mark, one or the other. And that's it. It never deviates from this. 247 represent has its own set of logos and whatever. But for mainline represent, this is all you're going to see and that's on purpose. The Instagram posts and the Instagram reels are extremely artdirected and

00:44:13
their color palette is used consistently. Both founders are super synced up. Their images are art directed and edited very similarly. They have matching profile pictures. Then the website, Facebook, Twitter, and emails showcase the same imagery, same color palette, same typography, and same logos. So for Sugar Baby, if I were to try and emulate that, as you can see here, this logo is the same. I'm never going to have a different Sugar Baby logo. This logo is the same as over here. I picked Inter Helvetica New as the fonts. So

00:44:55
these fonts here, the headline and body fonts are inter and Helvetica New and they're applied consistently every single time. I'm not using any other fonts for any of the brand imagery. And I'm also not using any other colors or any other logo. That's what I'm trying to drive home. It just it's all for consistency. If your brand doesn't look consistent, it's going to look amateur. If your brand looks amateur, it's not going to make any money. So, make sure that your

00:45:28
identity blueprint, design system, whatever you want to call it, is dialed in. Follow these steps and use my notion template. Speaking of notion templates, here is one section called the color palette builder. If you're in the fashion brand vault, notion vault, and you scroll down to brand design system, it's right here in color palette builder. When you come to that little section, you'll see this workspace where you can add all your visual color references, extract and experiment with color

00:46:04
swatches. So that's like the claude prompt that I put in the group. You can also get a chatbt prompt in this notion system. Both are great. So, we're going to use this prompt here in the notion template for our little sugar baby exercise. So, it says, "Here's my brand palette so far with hex codes and rough rolls." And then I'm going to paste the tablet and swatch notes in the chat. And then I'm going to say, "Is this color palette cohesive and versatile? What

00:46:38
tone does it communicate? What tweaks would you recommend to better match my brand values and aesthetic?" Okay. So, let's copy that directly from the template. Then I'm going to go over to this identity blueprint custom GPT project that we configured with the system prompt in the FBV Pro group. So, if you want the instructions for this custom GPT yourself, you can sign up for FBV Pro and grab them. So, let's paste that prompt in here. says, "Here's my brand palette so far with hex codes and

00:47:12
rough rolls." So, I'm gonna paste I'm going to take a screenshot of this pallet here and then drag it into the chat. I can grab the hex codes here in Figma. So, this one is FC8 FC4. I'll paste that in there. Then we have white, which is just F a bunch of times. Then we have this baby blue color. Paste that here. And then this charcoal black color is the last one. I'll say I attached an image of the palette. Is this color palette cohesive and versatile? What tone does it communicate? And then let's

00:48:02
ask something like that after we see what it says here in the initial conversation. Okay, now it's writing the analysis. Cohesiveness pink visual role hero accent/eotional hook sits in the red violet range so it bridges warm and cool pallets. Pairs cleanly with both the baby blue and charcoal. Nice. White gives the pastels room to breathe. Baby blue secondary accent, a low saturation cyan that compliments the pink without fighting it. Charcoal prevents the scheme from drifting into Instagram pastel mush. I never really

00:48:45
thought about it that way. Diamonds for texture, not a color. Yeah, that's true. It's good that it picked that up. Adds literal sparkle, but it's a material, not a hue. Treat it like foil stamping or emotion overlay, not an everyday brand color. That's a great point. Overall, the set hangs together because every shade is either very light or very dark. Nothing midtone. So, hierarchy is clear and contrast is strong. So, that would explain why I like these types of pallets. Personally,

00:49:20
I gravitate towards palettes that are either very light or very dark or a mixture. No midtonones. That's a personal thing that I'm now actually just realizing about myself as a creative director. This is already a really good thing for me to practice myself. Even though I built these notion templates and I sell them, I still use them myself. It's not like I just made them for other people. First and foremost, I made them for myself so I can get better at creative directing other brands and my own brand. Next

00:49:54
critique, versatility with positives and watch outs or negatives. Positives, digital UI, the charcoal, iron, pink, blue, white hits, AAA contrast easily. Text legibility won't suffer. Print and packaging pastels can shift when printed. CMK, but your dark anchor prevents a washed out look. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. So basically if the logo is black against a pink poly mailer or a light blue poly mailer even if the shade of the pink or blue gets washed out or something just because of the

00:50:35
nature of packaging and how it works. Like it will still be easy to read because it's a black logo on a light color. Seasonal range. Swapping in deeper tones of the same hues lets you create autumn winter variants without rebranding. Okay, cool. So, it gave me some specific hex codes here. Let's load those into a Figma and see. Here's a darker version of the pink. It's not much of a difference. We got 6B3F6. Okay. Yeah, that's not much of a difference either. Really, we could go

00:51:16
even darker with it. This blue can be maybe like this color. And then this pink can be like even this color. And then now that's a winter. So we could have like spring, summer, and then the fall winter. Something to think about. Okay. Now let's read some of the things to watch out for. Pastel on pastel. Pink text on blue or vice versa. Fails accessibility and can look juvenile. Okay. I had no intention of putting pink on blue. But yeah, let's actually test that and just see just so like that's easy to

00:52:01
read. That's easy to read. Black on light pastel color. Like that's easy. But let's say this was blue and now this one was pink. That's way harder to see and looks juvenile. I agree. This looks like a little kid brand. But the black on the light color, this is easy to read and it definitely looks a little bit more mature. Okay. Then we see some tonin brand signals. Playful optimism, approachable luxury, modern confidence. Okay. So, yeah, that's pretty in line with what we were saying over here.

00:52:39
Playfully ambitious was like a big was or the number one thing we listed here for brand tone. So that's good. Playful optimism. That's what a new chat thinks of our pallet without even looking at the garment mockups. So now I think it'll be a good opportunity to actually feed it what we've already been working on and say something along the lines of here's my mockup. Does this work with the pallet that I sent you that we've been discussing? So let's do that now. Let's just do

00:53:18
we'll add just the clothing mockups for now and then we can do some of the on model mockups and then I'll do these two. Yeah. Okay. So, it's like like that. Here are two garment mockups using that palette. What do you think? Is it cohesive? And I think I just used Hatchy PT's image generation for these garment mockups. They looked like this originally and then I removed the background and then spiced them up a little bit. But then the rest of the human model AI generated images were done with

00:54:07
midjourney. Okay, here we go. Color-wise, yes, but you're only using 60% of the palette. Design-wise, they sit in the same aesthetic family, but a few details are tugging them apart. Here's the granular look. Both garments rely on a single pastel field, plus a tiny white or light accent. See, your eye reads them as siblings. Neither introduces an outside hue, avoiding pallet creep. But why cohesion could break down in a larger line without the charcoal anchor? A full rack of pastels can look like different

00:54:41
brands sharing a rail. Okay. Diamond, the luxury signifier, is only applied through the zipper shine. It's not yet a recognizable brand element. That's a good point. So, I wanted to include this diamond here as part of the visual identity, but I agree. I haven't really incorporated anything that tackles this vibe necessarily. So, how can we fix that? Thread charcoal into the trim language. Standardize hardware plating for future styles. Explore a subtle diamond quilt stitch or mini heat emboss of the stone facets.

00:55:21
That's pretty cool. Silhouette and construction rhythm. The silhouettes are both athletic sundress, but texture talk is split. Sporttech plus Y2K club energy blue cottage core trim on a clean rib reads sweeter and softer. If the brand promise is playful luxury for social status decide which direction is your hero dialect and bring the other piece 15% close examples. Give the blue dress a charcoal contrast top stitch or a tiny metal logo rivet to echo the zipper hardware. soften the pink sportiness by binding

00:56:01
the arm holes in white or adding a micro frill to nod back to the blue. Okay, the neckline and arm holes are consistent for both dresses, which is good. For the waist treatment, the pink dress is panled with a seam, and the blue dress, as you can see here, has a fully fashioned rib. So, different shaping language. Maybe we could tie that together. Surface texture, perforated dots, and smooth scuba, blue dress, vertical rib, competing stories, feature detail, exposed zip, functional, sporty, frilled, binding, decorative,

00:56:44
and girly. Divergent vibe. Now I'm starting to see the details. Just by reading this, I'm starting to see that even from first glance, these look like they fit really well together. But when I really dissect it and I see here the silhouette and construction rhythm, I'm seeing how different they actually are. So, I'll keep that in mind. Let's just keep reading for now. Brand system signals. Playful optimism. Approachable luxury. Playful optimism strength is high. We're going to keep that. Approachable luxury

00:57:27
strength is medium. Needs more consistency. Define a rule set for hardware finish and diamond graphic hits. Okay. Yeah. So, improving the trims, like the zippers and waistbands, anything that fastens a piece of fabric to another piece of fabric, those should all be high quality metal. High quality metal hardware. Gender fluid edge. Introduce unisex piece and charcoal to triangulate pallet. I don't know about the unisex thing. I think I want to focus on this being a women's wear brand, but what

00:58:05
Chad doesn't know is that we already did a charcoal set. So, after I finish reading, I'm going to feed the charcoal set into the AI and then we can discuss more modern confidence as a brand trait. Strength medium push charcoal detailing for punch. Yeah, more charcoal is going to add confidence and not make it feel as juvenile. Verdict and next moves. Overall cohesion 7.5 out of 10. You've nailed chromatic harmony, but cohesion will drift once you scale unless you lock a dark anchor into every SKU. Pick

00:58:46
one texture story tech sport versus soft rib or create a rule about how they coexist. Systemize the diamond touch. Decide whether it's a graphic icon, a foil hit, or simply the brand standard metal finish. Do that and the line will read like a deliberate collection, not two cute dresses that just happen to vibe. Okay, cool. So, this was pretty epic. Not going to lie. It's giving me a lot to think about, a lot to change, a lot to work on. I want to bring this up from a 7.5 to a 10. I'm probably going to do

00:59:25
a lot of homework on this off camera and then for tomorrow's video, I'm trying to do a video every day this week. So, for tomorrow's video, I'll probably address a bunch of these things and then we'll talk about sourcing fabrics and making the designs like tech packs, stuff like that. But first, before we do that, let's load in the the black set that I had mocked up here. So, I'm just going to add those images into this chat. Okay, I got four images in here. I'm going to say here is a mockup of a sport

01:00:00
tier piece that uses the charcoal color as well as a darker pink. What do you think about this? Does this fall into place or does it feel random? Assessing design cohesion. Okay. Snap judgment. It slots in, but only if you frame it as the performance edge expression of the pallet rather than a wholesale new direction. Right now, it feels 70% aligned, 30% surprise. A few surgical tweaks would nudge it into the same family without diluting the sport statement. Pallet integration. Let me pull up images here. The charcoal

01:00:48
as a dominant body fabric works. Perfect anchor finally grounds the pastels. Keep it. Okay, great. Original pink is absent. Used a hotter raspberry stitch off brandand saturation shift. So the this color, this top stitch color, this hot pink background doesn't tie in as much with the blue and the baby pink. I guess we can get away with this background a little bit more, but this top stitch needs to be consistent with the pink here. Next, the blue is not present. That's true and it's fine. They're optional per

01:01:31
SKU. So maybe a micro label or interior facing in baby blue to echo the pastel story. So yeah, maybe we can add like a little tag on it with the logo in baby blue against white or against black. That might work. Diamond motif hardware, silver zipper, gloss snaps. So this is good. Lock zipper finish across all styles for coherence. can even probably upgrade the quality of those trims, make them silver and not just like a gunmetal gray or metallic gray. Key call out, the vivid magenta stitching does not connect chromatically

01:02:09
to your pastel pink. It's the same hue, just three to four stops deeper. So, let's check that out. And I agree. It's Yeah, it's pink, but it's way deeper, which creates a different vibe in my opinion. If you plan to repeat the that exact thread and embroidery color on every charcoal piece, it will read as intentional night mode version of the pallet. If it shows up only here, it'll look like a random fabric mill default. It's a good point. Silhouette and detail language,

01:02:46
the core shape, the crop zip top, that works. Flatlock style contrast stitching that works. So, this sport set here is missing the sweetness that the other pieces had and instead goes for more of a sleek, athletic vibe with the piping. So, the ruffles and the polka dots here add the quote unquote sweetness. There's something I could do, I think, to make this set feel a little sweeter. Maybe we'll definitely change the magenta like we've been discussing, but maybe also take out the lines and the

01:03:28
piping and then either add back in some polka dots. Maybe we make that more of a theme. But I don't know. I'll have to think about it more. Chachi BT gave me a suggestion with a recurring curvy linear panel line across all styles. I can mock that up with the AI. Brain story continuity. Playful optimism could be more assertive. Need to keep the hardware polished and not matte to reinforce luxury. GBT keeps bringing up the unisex components, but I don't think that's really my vision for this hypothetical

01:04:07
project. And modern confidence is very hot in the sport because it's pretty much all black. So, here's a step-by-step action plan for tying the visual identity in together. The thread color for the pastel collection and the sport collection should be the same. So, I can change this magentaish color to this pink pastel color here and it can match this product. Add a baby blue bar tack on an interior pocket or size label so every piece carries at least one secondary. That's a great idea. I like how it

01:04:50
considers this an Easter egg continuity device. Graphic consistency. Replace the heart with the same diamond facet icon you'll deploy elsewhere. Or lock the heart as the sport line mark and place the diamond on all coursiles. I don't think I would do that considering KDE Garson on play uses the red heart. Currently, you've got both heart and diamond floating around as brand signifiers. Pick one per tier. So, I'll probably just stick with the diamond. Lookbook sequencing. Shoot the charcoal coord

01:05:20
sandwiched between the pink and blue dresses and a split backdrop to visually narrate the bridge. That's a good idea. So, the final verdict is either codify this hotter magenta pink as a deliberate thing, like a one-off piece, but I don't want to do that. So, instead, I'll probably replace it with the baby pink from the other piece. And this will feel random if it's the only piece with magenta stitching. So, definitely going to change the magenta stitching. And it'll feel random if I

01:05:50
start mixing hardware finishes on future dark pieces. So, I'll just keep the trims the same. So, same color top stitching for pretty much all the pieces and same hardware and trims. All right, so now I have more homework to do on this sugar baby project. In tomorrow's video, I'll come back after having done that homework and we'll go deeper into the actual garment design and uh maybe we'll cook up a little collection using midjourney and some AI generating tools and then we'll put that

01:06:23
here in this whiteboard and then I can update it in the pro group. So, that's a perfect segue. If you want access to all these whiteboards and my systems and more videos and access to Q&As's and you want to DM me about your project and all that good stuff, join FBV Pro. What's up everybody? Welcome back to another video. Today's video is building on yesterday's video which was all about brand armor or step one in the full fashion brand system or fashion brand vault system. And today we're going over

01:06:57
step two, which is the identity blueprint. This is, in my opinion, the most important module here. I think a lot of people skip this. They skip the brand armor, too. But if you skip the identity blueprint and then go straight to making content or go straight to marketing and try running paid ads, which we'll get to in the next videos, so like and subscribe. But if you skip these and then try to go straight to the later steps, you end up wasting a lot of money and a lot of energy. And then that's when I see a lot of brands quit

01:07:27
or when they decide they need to do this crazy rebrand or pivot. If you can nail this, you will avoid problems at every other step of the way. If you want to get the entire fashion brand vault system with all of the modules and all of the notion templates and videos, you can get it at the link in the description. I look forward to seeing you you in there and connecting with you. And if you're really just a beginner, you can get the free version of the fashion brand vault. There's a starter kit in here with maybe two and a

01:08:01
half hours of video content and then there's an upsell for you to join the pros in FBV Pro. So check both of those out if it applies to you and let's connect. What is going to differentiate you from competitors? What is going to make you stand out in the market and what's going to make it easy for people to remember your brand and not just lose you in a sea of all the other fashion brands that are popping up these days? I've broken it down to a pretty simple system. Unique brand identity equals

01:08:34
logo, typography, and color palette. And then spread consistently across all channels, social media, press and editorial, the website, and the packaging. If you can do all these things, then it will create a unique brand identity. If you watched yesterday's video, you know all about this little fake brand that I've been building called Sugar Baby with these pastel clothes and some AI generated images and videos. This is just like a test brand. I think that making mock-ups and test brands is a great way to

01:09:13
practice being a brand owner and a creative director. So, yesterday we filled out the brand tone, the audience, and ideal customer avatar. So, we really just started putting together how we wanted the brand to look, how we wanted the brand to feel, how we wanted the brand to sound, and then put together some mock-ups. I'll end up building the full email marketing and paid ads campaign in another whiteboard. I'm actually also thinking about doing a little like Shopify live build. So, here is the

01:09:48
example of the Sugar Baby logo. At least the logo that I'm rocking with for now. So, that's the logo. I'll check off the logo box. Next for typography I picked enter as the headline and Helvetica new as the body font. So that's typography and then color palette. So I have this pink, white, light blue or baby blue and black. And then I added a little heart in the center because I wanted to do like a heart on black design. But as you'll see in this video, I'm going to talk with an AI consultant

01:10:32
and maybe refine this down. And then just the diamonds cuz I wanted it to feel a little more wealthy. Give an immediate upper class vibe with the diamonds. So that's the color palette. Determining the logo typography and color palette can be brainstormed with AI. However, when it comes to such visual topics, it's really good to trust your gut. I think I'm starting to see too many people get lost just following whatever chat GPT suggests. Especially if you aren't prompt engineering or adding or

01:11:09
adding like a custom XML prompt like I provide in the school group, chances are the AI is not going to have enough context and it'll probably lead you in the wrong direction. So, trust your gut, trust your taste. Those things take time to develop and practice, but the more that you do this, the better you'll get at it. I am biased, but I personally like to use my notion vault for completing these different sections step by step like the mood board and aesthetic direction, the color palette builder, the typography planner,

01:11:48
brand touch point tracker. Basically, what each one of these little modules is a workspace that you can fill out, and it comes with a pre-built AI assistant. So, you can feed the AI information about your brand, like your idea for your aesthetic direction and your color palette, and you can upload maybe a mood board that you made, and then the consultant can help walk you through your ideas. If you can dial all of these in, the brand is going to look extremely consistent and it will be easy for you

01:12:21
to manage all of these different platforms. You save these in some kind of database, whether that's a notion database or a Google drive. And then that way there's just one source of truth for your whole for your whole design system because that's really what we're building here is not just a unique brand identity but an entire design system that we can then apply to every aspect of the brand for consistency. I have a ton of info about design systems and examples from other big brands like represent.

01:13:02
I break down Balenciaga's e-commerce experience in depth and more. So, be sure to join the pro group if you want access to all of this info. But for now, I'm just going to give you like a little taste of my notes about design systems and logos and typographies and color palettes specifically. When you are creating a logo or picking typography styles for your brand, there are really two main styles that you can pick from and those are serif and sand serif. SIF has these little embellishments on the edges of the

01:13:42
letters and sand serif fonts do not. Serif styles are a little more traditional looking and serif styles are a little more modern. Here you can see a bunch of different examples from famous luxury brands. Ralph Lauren uses, Salentino uses, Lacoff, Sand Sif, and so on. NASA has a really awesome document called the graphic standards manual. It's a government document. It was built in the 1970s. Basically, it details the exact specifications that NASA or anyone collaborating with NASA would need to

01:14:21
use in order to protect the integrity of the brand. The logo is an exact size on a grid. Then the logo has a specific type scale. So these are the only sizes of the logo that are ever used. If you want to check this out, it's in the document. I also listed some cool Figma plugins that allow you to generate type scales really easily. And I have this section where you can look at all of my different logos that I used for my brand path list of things over the years and then check out where I'm at now. For color, I really like to

01:14:58
use palettes like this that have some sort of white, black, and gray palette with a loud contrasting color like this blue or like this green. With Sugar Baby, I did something simple. I just I like whites and blacks and then some kind of loud pastel like this pink or I use this blue as a loud accent as well. And I think that the this little bubblegum cotton candy combo works really well. It's a timeless combination. The one thing I think so far that doesn't really fit is this pink on black, but I think I'll probably change

01:15:36
that in the group. And in this document, I include a pretty awesome prompt for Claude. It's an AI that will extract color palettes from your favorite images. I just took a bunch of Ralph Lauren Polo Ralph Lauren editorial images and then I fed them into Claude and then it generated these color palettes and then I like to save these color palettes in Figma. So I've been building like a little bit of a library of color palettes related to my favorite editorial images. This is the color palette that I use for my own fashion

01:16:10
brand. It's pretty simple. I stay away from reds and greens, only shades and hues of blue, black, and gray. Represent has a pretty simple design system. They have an emblem and they have a word mark and then those are just used on everything. It's either the emblem or the word mark, one or the other and that's it. It never deviates from this. 247 represent has its own set of logos and whatever. But for mainline represent, this is all you're going to see and that's on purpose.

01:16:43
The Instagram posts and the Instagram reels are extremely artdirected and their color palette is used consistently. Both founders are super synced up. Their images are art directed and edited very similarly. They have matching profile pictures. Then the website, Facebook, Twitter, and emails showcase the same imagery, same color palette, same typography, and same logos. So for Sugar Baby, if I were to try and emulate that, as you can see here, this logo is the same. I'm never going to have a different Sugar Baby logo. This

01:17:23
logo is the same as over here. I picked Intern Helvetica New as the fonts. So these fonts here, the headline and body fonts are inter and Helvetica new and they're applied consistently every single time. I'm not using any other fonts for any of the brand imagery. And I'm also not using any other colors or any other logo. That's what I'm trying to drive home. It just it's all for consistency. If your brand doesn't look consistent, it's going to look amateur. If your

01:17:58
brand looks amateur, it's not going to make any money. So, make sure that your identity blueprint, design system, whatever you want to call it, is dialed in. Follow these steps and use my notion template. Speaking of notion templates, here is one section called the color palette builder. If you're in the fashion brand vault, notion vault, and you scroll down to brand design system, it's right here in color palette builder. When you come to that little section, you'll see this workspace where you can add all your

01:18:35
visual color references, extract and experiment with color swatches. So that's like the claude prompt that I put in the group. You can also get a chatbt prompt in this notion system. Both are great. So, we're going to use this prompt here in the notion template for our little sugar baby exercise. So, it says, "Here's my brand palette so far with hex codes and rough rolls." And then I'm going to paste the tablet and swatch notes in the chat. And then I'm going to say, "Is this color palette cohesive and

01:19:11
versatile? What tone does it communicate? What tweaks would you recommend to better match my brand values and aesthetic?" Okay. So, let's copy that directly from the template. Then I'm going to go over to this identity blueprint custom GPT project that we configured with the system prompt in the FBV Pro group. So, if you want the instructions for this custom GPT yourself, you can sign up for FBV Pro and grab them. So, let's paste that prompt in here. says, "Here's my brand

01:19:45
palette so far with hex codes and rough rolls." So, I'm gonna paste. I'm going to take a screenshot of this pallet here and then drag it into the chat. I can grab the hex codes here in Figma. So, this one is FC8 FC4. I'll paste that in there. Then we have white, which is just F a bunch of times. Then we have this baby blue color. Paste that here. And then this charcoal black color is the last one. I'll say I attached an image of the palette. Is this color palette cohesive and versatile? What

01:20:35
tone does it communicate? And then let's ask something like that after we see what it says here in the initial conversation. Okay, now it's writing the analysis. Cohesiveness pink visual role hero accent/eotional hook sits in the red violet range so it bridges warm and cool pallets. Pairs cleanly with both the baby blue and charcoal. Nice. White gives the pastels room to breathe. Baby blue, secondary accent, a low saturation cyan that compliments the pink without fighting it. Charcoal prevents the scheme from drifting into

01:21:17
Instagram pastel mush. I never really thought about it that way. Diamonds for texture, not a color. Yeah, that's true. It's good that it picked that up. Adds literal sparkle, but it's a material, not a hue. Treat it like foil stamping or emotion overlay, not an everyday brand color. That's a great point. Overall, the set hangs together because every shade is either very light or very dark. Nothing midtone. So, hierarchy is clear and contrast is strong. So, that would explain why I

01:21:50
like these types of pallets. Personally, I gravitate towards palettes that are either very light or very dark or a mixture. No midtonones. That's a personal thing that I'm now actually just realizing about myself as a creative director. This is already a really good thing for me to practice myself. Even though I built these notion templates and I sell them, I still use them myself. It's not like I just made them for other people. First and foremost, I made them for myself so I can get better at creative directing

01:22:26
other brands and my own brand. Next critique, versatility with positives and watch outs or negatives. Positives, digital UI, the charcoal, iron, pink, blue, white hits, AAA contrast easily. Text legibility won't suffer. Print in packaging pastels can shift when printed CMK, but your dark anchor prevents a washed out look. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. So basically if the logo is black against a pink poly mailer or a light blue poly mailer even if the shade of the pink or blue gets washed out or

01:23:08
something just because of the nature of packaging and how it works. Like it will still be easy to read because it's a black logo on a light color. Seasonal range. Swapping in deeper tones of the same hues lets you create autumn winter variants without rebranding. Okay, cool. So, it gave me some specific hex codes here. Let's load those into a Figma and see. Here's a darker version of the pink. It's not much of a difference. We got 6B3F6. Okay. Yeah, that's not much of a difference either really. We could go

01:23:50
even darker with it. This blue can be maybe like this color. And then this pink can be like even this color. And then now that's a winter. So we could have like spring, summer, and then the fall winter. Something to think about. Okay, now let's read some of the things to watch out for. Pastel on pastel. Pink text on blue or vice versa. Fails accessibility and can look juvenile. Okay. I had no intention of putting pink on blue. But yeah, let's actually test that and just see just so like that's easy to

01:24:36
read. That's easy to read. Black on light pastel color. Like that's easy. But let's say this was blue and now this one was pink. That's way harder to see and looks juvenile. I agree. This looks like a little kid brand. But the black on the light color, this is easy to read and it definitely looks a little bit more mature. Okay, then we see some tonin brand signals. Playful optimism, approachable luxury, modern confidence. Okay, so yeah, that's pretty in line with what we were saying over here.

01:25:14
Playfully ambitious was like a big was or the number one thing we listed here for brand tone. So that's good. Playful optimism. That's what a new chat thinks of our pallet without even looking at the garment mockups. So now I think it'll be a good opportunity to actually feed it what we've already been working on and say something along the lines of here's my mockup. Does this work with the pallet that I sent you that we've been discussing? So let's do that now. Let's just do

01:25:53
we'll add just the clothing mockups for now and then we can do some of the on model mockups and then I'll do these two. Yeah. Okay. So, it's like like that. Here are two garment mockups using that pallet. What do you think? Is it cohesive? And I think I just used Chachi PT's image generation for these garment mockups. They looked like this originally and then I removed the background and then spiced them up a little bit. But then the rest of the human model AI generated images were done with

01:26:42
mid Journey. Okay, here we go. Color-wise, yes, but you're only using 60% of the palette. Design-wise, they sit in the same aesthetic family, but a few details are tugging them apart. Here's the granular look. Both garments rely on a single pastel field, plus a tiny white or light accent. See, your eye reads them as siblings. Neither introduces an outside hue, avoiding pallet creep. But why cohesion can break down in a larger line? Without the charcoal anchor, a full rack of pastels can look like different brands

01:27:17
sharing a rail. Okay. Diamond, the luxury signifier, is only applied through this zipper shine. It's not yet a recognizable brand element. That's a good point. So, I wanted to include this diamond here as part of the visual identity, but I agree. I haven't really incorporated anything that tackles this vibe necessarily. So, how can we fix that? Thread charcoal into the trim language. Standardize hardware plating for future styles. Explore a subtle diamond quilt stitch or mini heat emboss of the stone facets.

01:27:56
That's pretty cool. Silhouette and construction rhythm. The silhouettes are both athletic sundress, but texture talk is split. Sport Tech plus Y2K club energy, blue cottage core trim on a clean rib reads sweeter and softer. If the brand promise is playful luxury for social status, decide decide which direction is your hero dialect and bring the other piece 15% close. Examples: Give the blue dress a charcoal contrast top stitch or a tiny metal logo rivet to echo the zipper hardware. Soften the pink sportiness by binding

01:28:36
the arm holes in white or adding a micro frill to nod back to the blue. Okay, the neckline and arm holes are consistent for both dresses, which is good. For the waist treatment, the pink dress is panled with a seam and the blue dress, as you can see here, has a fully fashioned rib. So, different shaping language. Maybe we could tie that together. Surface texture, perforated dots, and smooth scuba. Blue dress, vertical rib, competing stories, feature detail, exposive, functional, sporty, frilled, binding, decorative,

01:29:19
and girly, divergent vibe. Now, I'm starting to see the details. Just by reading this, I'm starting to see that even from first glance, these look like they fit really well together. But when I really dissect it and I see here the silhouette and construction rhythm, I'm seeing how different they actually are. So, I'll keep that in mind. Let's just keep reading for now. Brand system signals, playful optimism, approachable luxury. Playful optimism strength is high. We're going to keep that. Approachable luxury

01:30:02
strength is medium. Needs more consistency. Define a rule set for hardware finish and diamond graphic hits. Okay. Yeah. So, improving the trims like the zippers and waistbands. Anything that fastens a piece of fabric to another piece of fabric, those should all be high quality metal. High quality metal hardware. Gender fluid edge introduce unisex piece and charcoal the triangulate palette. I don't know about the unisex thing. I think I want to focus on this being a women's wear brand. But what Chad

01:30:41
doesn't know is that we already did a charcoal set. So after I finish reading, I'm going to feed the charcoal set into the AI and then we can discuss more. Modern confidence as a brand trait strength medium push charcoal detailing for punch. Yeah, more charcoal is going to add confidence and not make it feel as juvenile. Verdict and next moves. Overall cohesion 7.5 out of 10. You've nailed chromatic harmony, but cohesion will drift once you scale unless you lock a dark anchor into every SKU. Pick

01:31:21
one texture story, tech sport versus soft rib, or create a rule about how they coexist. Systemize the diamond touch. Decide whether it's a graphic icon, a foil hit, or simply the brand standard metal finish. Do that and the line will read like a deliberate collection, not two cute dresses that just happen to vibe. Okay, cool. So, this was pretty epic. I'm not going to lie. It's giving me a lot to think about, a lot to change, a lot to work on. I want to bring this up from a 7.5 to a 10. I'm probably going

01:31:59
to do a lot of homework on this off camera and then for tomorrow's video, we're trying to do a video every day this week. So, for tomorrow's video, I'll probably address a bunch of these things and then we'll talk about sourcing fabrics and making the designs like tech packs, stuff like that. But first, before we do that, let's load in the the black set that I had mocked up here. So, I'm just going to add those images into this chat. Okay, I got four images in here. I'm going to say here is

01:32:31
a mockup of a sport tier piece that uses the charcoal color as well as a darker pink. What do you think about this? Does this fall into place or does it feel random? Assessing design cohesion. Okay. Snap judgment. It slots in but only if you frame it as the performance edge expression of the pallet rather than a wholesale new direction. Right now it feels 70% aligned, 30% surprise. A few surgical tweaks would nudge it into the same family without diluting the sport statement. Pallet integration.

01:33:18
Let me pull up images here. The charcoal as a dominant body fabric works. Perfect anchor finally grounds the pastels. Keep it. Okay, great. Original pink is absent. Used a hotter raspberry stitch. Off-brand saturation shift. So the this color, this top stitch color, this hot pink background doesn't tie in as much with the blue and the baby pink. I guess we can get away with this background a little bit more, but this top stitch needs to be consistent with the pink here. Next, the blue is not present. That's

01:34:03
true and it's fine. They're optional per SKU. So maybe yeah, micro label or interior facing in baby blue to echo the pastel story. So yeah, maybe we can add like a little tag on it with the logo in baby blue against white or against black. That might work. Diamond motif hardware, silver zipper, gloss snaps. So this is good. Lock zipper finish across all styles for coherence. can even probably upgrade the quality of those trims, make them silver and not just like a gunmetal gray or metallic

01:34:39
gray. Key call out, the vivid magenta stitching does not connect chromatically to your pastel pink. It's the same hue, just three to four stops deeper. So, let's check that out. And I agree. It's Yeah, it's pink, but it's way deeper, which creates a different vibe in my opinion. If you plan to repeat the that exact thread and embroidery color on every charcoal piece, it will read as intentional night mode version of the pallet. If it shows up only here, it'll look like a random fabric mill default.

01:35:16
It's a good point. Silhouette and detail language, the core shape, the crop zip top, that works. Flatlock style contrast stitching that works. So, this sport set here is missing the sweetness that the other pieces had and instead goes for more of a sleek, athletic vibe with the piping. So, the ruffles and the polka dots here add the quote unquote sweetness. There's something I could do, I think, to make this set feel a little sweeter. Maybe we'll definitely change the magenta like we've been discussing, but

01:36:01
maybe also take out the lines and the piping and then either add back in some polka dots. Maybe we make that more of a theme. But I don't know. I'll have to think about it more. Chachi BT gave me a suggestion with a recurring curvy linear panel line across all styles. I can mock that up with the AI. Brain story continuity. Playful optimism could be more assertive. Need to keep the hardware polished and not matte to reinforce luxury. GBT keeps bringing up the unisex components, but I don't think that's

01:36:38
really my vision for this hypothetical project. And modern confidence is very hot in the sports tech because it's pretty much all black. So, here's a step-by-step action plan for tying the visual identity in together. The thread color for the pastel collection and the sport collection should be the same. So, I can change this magentaish color to this pink pastel color here and it can match this product. Add a baby blue bar tack on an interior pocket or size label so every piece carries at least one secondary.

01:37:21
That's a great idea. I like how it considers this an Easter egg continuity device. Graphic consistency. Replace the heart with the same diamond facet icon you'll deploy elsewhere. Or lock the heart as the sport line mark and place the diamond on all coursiles. I don't think I would do that considering Kde Garson on play uses the red heart. Currently, you've got both heart and diamond floating around as brand signifiers. Pick one per tier. So, I'll probably just stick with the diamond. Lookbook

01:37:52
sequencing. Shoot the charcoal cohort sandwich between the pink and blue dresses and a split backdrop to visually narrate the bridge. That's a good idea. So, the final verdict is either codify this hotter magenta pink as a deliberate thing, like a one-off piece, but I don't want to do that. So, instead, I'll probably replace it with the baby pink from the other piece. And this will feel random if it's the only piece with magenta stitching. So, definitely going to change the magenta

01:38:23
stitching. And it'll feel random if I start mixing hardware finishes on future dark pieces. So, I'll just keep the trims the same. So, same color top stitching for pretty much all the pieces and same hardware and trims. All right, so now I have more homework to do on this sugar baby project. In tomorrow's video, I'll come back after having done that homework and we'll go deeper into the actual garment design and uh maybe we'll cook up a little collection using midjourney and some AI

01:38:56
generating tools and then we'll put that here in this whiteboard and then I can update it in the pro group. So, that's a perfect segue. If you want access to all these whiteboards and my systems and more videos and access to Q&As's and you want to DM me about your project and all that good stuff, join FBV Pro link in the description. If there's a topic you want me to cover in a future video, leave a comment and I'll see you in the next one. What's up everybody? Welcome back to another video. Today's

01:39:25
video is a followup to yesterday's video building a brand completely from scratch as a brand owner and creative director for a real brand called Pathos of Things. I creative direct all the content. I design all the clothes. I edit all these videos. I design everything with Clo 3D. And I share pretty much my entire process in this school group fashion brand vault. So it's free to join. You get like almost a hundred of these Figma whiteboards like the one I'm going to walk through today.

01:39:58
And then you can also get access to the notion templates. And each one of these is built with an accompanying AI assistant. This is what I've been using so far to build this brand called Sugar Baby, which is a fake brand that I'm building for practice. and I'm utilizing some AI tools to mock up imagery. All right, so the last two videos we covered the brand armor which included the brand story, identifying the target audience, etc. Then yesterday's video was about establishing a unique brand identity,

01:40:36
locking in the logo, the typography, and the color palette. And now today, we're going to go over actually designing clothes. So, turning your brand into an actual designer fashion brand and not just a POD or print on demand brand, which is fine, too. My brand started as a print on demand brand, and I have content about that, and we'll continue to make more content about that. But this video specifically is about starting or transitioning your current brand into a full cut and sew designer

01:41:08
brand. And it's very simple to set up with the notion templates and some strategic outsourcing. But the way that I have this systemized and just explained very simply is in order to be considered a designer brand or consider yourself a fashion designer, you need to make custom designs or your brand needs to launch and release custom designs. Your materials need to be premium. So no lowquality polyester from Sheen. And you need to leverage both trends and personal identity and uniqueness. You can't just hop on a trend that all

01:41:45
the fast fashion brands are doing and and expect you'll make any money. But you also can't start a brand full avantgard fashion and expect that will make any money either. There's definitely a sweet spot between what's trending and then adding your unique flare. I think this works especially well for complete beginners that don't really have much fashion design experience because your taste and your eye for what you like and what your style is, that's definitely going to

01:42:15
take time to develop. So starting with trends is usually the easiest path of least resistance for most brand owners. Then taking one of those trends and then applying your unique idea to it is really the only way to get better. And at that point, you'll be able to say like, "Yeah, I'm a fashion designer." You might not be a good fashion designer, right? People might still think your designs are not not good, quite frankly. But that doesn't mean you're not a designer. Like, is is a bad

01:42:51
musician not a musician? Do you see what I'm saying? So today I'm going to set up all of the design specs for the cut and sew patterns of these Sugar Baby products that we've been building on the last two episodes. Before I go hard on setting up tech packs and design specs, I want to just go over with you what I've changed so far to this flowchart. So this was V1. And this is what we did the last two days. And I did my homework from the end of the last episode where Chachi BT actually gave me a list of

01:43:34
things that I could tighten up and improve. And that's exactly what I did. So I did my homework and I changed up the visual identity and I changed up the mission. So now it's not a tennisear brand anymore. I think that was a little too niche. Now it is a sporty cute staple brand and that appeals to a little bit of a wider audience. It's still kind of niche, but it's a little wider than just people that play tennis or women that play tennis specifically. So now it's for girls that serve on the

01:44:15
court. So sporty girls and on the court could really be anything. In this case, we're using some tennis imagery, but that could be any sport. They turn heads on the street, so pretty girls that are active and go out and like to shop and don't spend too much time at home and steal the spotlight at every popup plan. So, pop-up plan is a little bit of a play on words. It might mean literal popups. I've been seeing that is huge in LA. Like Hypocristen does color contact popups. Gentle Monster

01:44:55
does sunglasses popups or eyeglasses popups. And I have friends that will put on their, you know, cutest outfit or whatever and go to these popups and just take a ton of photos. But pop-up plan could also mean like a last minute coffee date, last minute lunch, last minute hike, last minute drinks date with whoever. It kind of implies versatility while still speaking to the core audience. Didn't change much to the ideal customer avatar from last time. I removed the idea of having a sport line

01:45:40
and now it's just sporty cute and that's kind of like the aesthetic. I don't want to go branch off into having like different lines, right? Like a low line and a premium line. Like that's definitely something for down the line, but not at the beginning or in the planning stages. So, what else did I remove? removed garment diamond or heart embroidery. So, I had these like logo embroideries here on the chest and I had these like woven label embroidery on the front. I just removed all of

01:46:24
that. Just made it a little more simple. I updated this product so it's not as sporty and kind of meets in the middle. I think these three pieces now are much more cohesive than these three pieces. I feel like these were kind of starting to look like an intimates brand. At least this one for sure. This one seemed a little more like lingerie than sportware. Tighten that up. And then this one seemed way sportier than the other two. So now all three pieces are way more cohesive. These are both thicker materials,

01:47:14
not as revealing. And this is kind of like a polo, like a cute polo with scuba material. Then there's the matching skirt. I'm still planning on doing the word mark logo on the back, the inside back. So, it'll look more like this. This is just like an AI mockup, but it'll look more like that. The persona snapshot has basically stayed the same. 23-year-old social media coordinator who hits the community courts at 8 am at its reels at a cafe by 10 and shows up to midday brunch still

01:47:51
in her baby blue sugar baby set. Rocket slung over one shoulder matcha latte in the other hand. I also added this brand voice and identity filter by four pillars. So the first pillar is cute, hot and sporty. Anytime I make a piece for this brand from now on, whether that's a garment or even a piece of content like a social media post or an editorial post, it needs to go through this filter. And I ask key questions to make sure that everything is aligned with the filter. So, for the cute, hot, and

01:48:34
sporty pillar, a key question I can ask myself every time I make a new garment or something, does it spark a that's adorable and kind of spicy reaction and visually reference tennis? So, that's just going to be for these three pieces. Okay. The next pillar is money-minded. Would a 23-year-old with a $500 payday splurge feel like it's worth the flex? I help answer yes by including a made in USA tag. So I need to find a USA based manufacturer that justifies a greater than $100 price. And then we're going to add

01:49:12
luxury touch points like packaging. So dust bags, foil logo tissue, and high quality social media content. The next pillar is effortless or allergic to hard work. So, in the last video, we kind of talked about how it's not allergic to hard work because the customer is lazy. It's because everything just comes to them effortlessly. People just like to do things for them. People like to be around them. They're good at what they do naturally, and it doesn't look like they have to work very hard. It's something that

01:49:53
people aspire to be like. And then the fourth pillar is main character energy. Does it make the customer feel like she could be photographed or filmed at any given time? And we'll drive this home with content, which we'll get to in the content video. So like and subscribe if you want to see that. Next, I tightened up the color palette. So I removed any red from the color palette and I set up this colorway matrix here. Basically, the whole point of this is so that each style gets offered in one of the main

01:50:29
colors, hero colors, so pink or blue. And then there's one black accent option. For this next collection, we're doing one pink piece, one blue piece, and then one black with an accent. So, for this accent color, I matched the blue from this other product. I added a thread color formula. So, it's always using the same thread every time. And once all of those things were dialed in, I then moved forward with mocking up the actual garments for the collection. We have three core shapes. The skater

01:51:09
dress, the ribbed tank dress, and the zip polo crop and a-ine mini skirt combo or set. The skater dress uses perforated neoprene for the fabric. The tank dress uses a one:1 rib knit. And the zip polo crop and skirt set is scuba material. And then at the very end, I added some trims and hardware information, which is just going to let the designer know what kind of zippers, what kind of labels, interior binding, and hang tags, which we'll go over in the packaging and manufacturing video today. Now, when we

01:51:54
use the template, I'm going to put together an entire design spec for these three garments. So technically I'm going to do three design specs which I can then send to a CL3D professional. The CL3D professional then will create the patterns and tech packs using Clo 3D. Here's an example of one of my brands pieces being designed. And then here's the 3D render mockup. So before we get to this stage, I need to send a design spec that tells the Italellier or the CL3D professional how

01:52:34
to actually put all of these pieces of fabric together the in the way that I'm envisioning it. So, I fed all the information that I had in this whiteboard so far from my notes and from iterating over the last couple days into chat GBT using the custom GPT assistant that comes included in the notion template that we used from last the last video. I then had the custom GPT give me a document breaking down all of the key things that we had determined are relevant to building Sugar Baby based on

01:53:15
the brand armor and the identity blueprint. So now I can feed this document into the modern fashion designer custom GPT assistant. If you want all of the custom instructions and system prompts for all of these different custom GPTs that come with the notion system, you can get them by purchasing the notion vault or you can sign up for FBV Pro. We have seven slots left in this group. It comes with all of my notion templates and all of my AI tools and Q&A and group coaching. I'm beta testing

01:53:57
this offer, so that's why I'm capping it at 20. Again, seven left. If you're looking for this type of thing, then definitely join and connect with me, and I look forward to seeing you in there. Okay, so I have the modern fashion designer custom assistant. Ah, we have 03 selected as our model. 03 is currently the most powerful chatbt model available. Now I'm going to add the PDF that I showed you here. I'm going to go back to the FBV notion vault and I'm going to click design spec template generator.

01:54:37
That will then bring me to this workspace where I'm going to fill out this information and then the AI consultant will help me with my ideas and it will help me create the design spec document that I will give to the CL 3D professional. As you can see right here at the top, the point of this is to turn a sketch into a production ready outline without needing fashion school vocabulary. You don't need to know any fashion school stuff. You don't you didn't need to go to fashion school. You can use my tools

01:55:08
instead. I have pretty much all of this filled out already. The design description, the detail sections. I'm going to add the reference images. And then I'm going to ask the chat PT assistant to help me build the design spec. So for the sake of time, I'm not going to do the whole notion template over again. Just know it will look something like this when you are done filling it out. Okay. So I'm going to use this prompt here in the notion template that says here's my current

01:55:42
design spec draft. And then paste the outliner bullet points. We already did that. Help me clean this up and make it more professional. What's unclear or missing? How could I describe this better to an Itellier or Clo 3 3D freelancer? All right, so I'll just copy that and go back to the custom assistant, put it in, and then just press enter. See what it says. This is a good opportunity to talk about refining AI output, right? So, this three-piece capsule is based on me spending a bunch of time working on this, doing my

01:56:21
homework, and then discussing it with an AI. But, I like to do another layer of AI discussion with an assistant that has a different system prompt than the assistant we built yesterday. So, now it's almost like I'm getting another perspective or an outside perspective on what I've built so far. And I might not agree with everything that it says, but it might give me some insight that really opened my eyes to what I had not seen before. Okay, so now it's generating the output. Here we go. Missing but critical

01:56:58
sections, tech flats, and call outs. So this is something that I'm going to have the CL 3D professional do. This is factories need precise seam location, stitch counts, SPI, and trim positions. not verbal descriptions alone. So that's actually what we're about to build. Point of measure spec and grading, bill of materials, stitch and seam library, packaging and labeling spec. All right. So we're going to use this AI to help put together a document that provides details for all of this and

01:57:32
then we can send it to the CL3D professional. Section two, clarify/tighten current content. Thread color form, yellow thread color formula, empty bullet placeholders, that's fine. Top stitch widths, you use both 2 mm and 2.5 mm. Consistency prevents sampling errors. Seam allowance statement 1 cm lock stitch 6 mm overlock appears once. Easter egg bar tack phrasing cute for marketing but ambiguous in tech replace with contrast bar tack hidden view at skirt utility loop. Okay, so now it's getting really into like the technical

01:58:14
vernacular. Suggested professional structure, cover page, style overview table, tech flats with callouts, construction table, fabric and trim, built materials. Tip for CL 3D include ZFAB files, perforated neoprene, rib knit, scuba with physical parameters, and a 1:1 avatar height matching base sample. So that's huge. I did the one one avatar height matching bay sample for the all the past or the last three rather bathos of things uh product drops because I wanted to make sure that the samples that I shot product imagery of

01:59:00
were the exact size of the model that I was shooting. And pretty much all models are 61 or 6'2 if you're shooting men. So in this case, this is a women's brand, so it would be a different there's like a different standard template for height and weight for female models. So I would just need to get that information and then give it to the CL3 professional and say just use the, you know, the standard for a size large for men or the standard for a size medium for women or something

01:59:33
like that. So I'm going to say the clo 3D operator is also the pattern maker and ultimately that will solve our missing slashcritical sections. Tech flats and call outs palm spec build materials and stitch and seam library packaging and labeling will be handled later. Based on the suggestions, let's focus on the design spec for the CL 3D Italellier. Then when they send me back the patterns and tech packs, we can set up the full professional tech pack structure, which if you're unfamiliar with what a

02:00:49
palmspec is, it means point of measure spec and grading, which we'll include grading in there, too. So, and grading point of measure spec, it's just the base size measurements and the requirements for those. And grading is making sure your size small is consistent with a size medium, which is consistent with a size large, and so on. And then I'll include P patterns. Throw that back in there. So when they send me back the tech flats, palmspec and grading and patterns, we can set up the full professional tech

02:01:26
pack structure. Okay, press enter. See what it comes up with. Below is a lean operator ready design spec pack packet outline that bundles only what your CL 3D Italier needs to start modeling, patterning, and building the full tech pack for you. Copy the headings into a new doc, one packet per style. and fill in the tables/fields that follow. Cover block. We have our style code, style name, fit bay size, target gender body type. Design intent snapshot, two sentence max, visual reference, insert images,

02:02:07
technical requirements table, bill materials, point of measure spec, stitch and seam library, filing delivery instructions. So, okay, I'm gonna say for sake of time and and doing this on video, I'm going to say fill out the template for me based on the information I sent you in the threepiece capsule PDF, which again we sent at the beginning of this chat. That'll be idea one. Then idea two will say I attached images or mockups of the threepiece collection products here. And then I will add

02:03:03
then I will add these images from the Figma whiteboard directly into this chat. And then I'll press enter to see what happens. Okay, now it's generating the pre-filled design spec pack packet, one per style, ready for the CL3D Italia. If you want access to my specific CL3D Italia that I use, I give I talk about her information for free in the free school group and she's also a member of the free school group. So, be sure to join link in the description. All right, this is done. Thought for a minute and 8

02:03:48
seconds and then printed this out. So, let's read what we got. Then we'll put all this into a word document and then we'll be done with this video. That will be pretty much the entire process of getting the design spec done. Then in tomorrow's video, I'll talk about manufacturing and ordering samples, communicating with your manufacturer, negotiating a minimum order quantity, things like that. So this is how I would put together the design spec for the CL3. So we'll take this

02:04:30
and copy that. Put it here. Okay. So, we have fit and flare skater dress. Don't need a style code. Doesn't matter. Oh, if you want to include a style code, that's fine, but it's not really necessary. So, we have the style code, the style name. This is the version date. It's currently July 17. Fit base size women's small to be determined, but we'll just say women small. Target body type straight to slim. Stretch ease built in delivery context fall 25 capsule design intense snapshot relax fit and

02:05:12
flare silhouette updated the fabric so 1.5 mm perforated neoprene this lawn zipper hidden contrast blue bar tack visual reference so let's add the visual references here's the skater dra okay added that to the document Here's the ribbed tank dress. Detail shot of hidden blue bar tac. So, let's grab that. We have a mockup of that. Okay. Then we have technical requirements or call outs. We have our zipper, princess seams, skirt panels, hidden bar attack, and neck/arm binding. And all of that is

02:06:00
consistent with this image. from our AI mockups. Next, we have a bill of materials. This I'm actually going to take out for now because I don't need the CL 3D Italellia to fill out the bill of materials. That's something that my manufacturer is going to handle. But I do need this the palm spec. I do need this stitch and seam library. And I do need this file delivery. Okay. So, we're just going to call this document the fit and flare skater dress. And then we'll open up a new document

02:06:44
for the blue dress, ribbed tank dress. So, let's grab all of this. We'll put it in here. Remember, we're going to delete the bill of materials for now. Change this to five. Change this to six. Change to seven. So, here's the rib tank dress. Same cover block information as the other product. We have our design intent snapshot visual reference. So, let's add the the visual references here. Now, we have the main shot and we have the detail shot. Here we have the technical requirements.

02:07:27
I took out the bill of materials. Then we have the palmspec and the steam and stitch library. Same codes as dress above. Omit zipper seam. Actually take that out because that's referencing the other document. So we don't need that. Or actually what we should do is we should open is we should grab the steam and stitch seam and stitch library. from the pink product and then add it here into our blue product document. The rib tank dress design spec document is now done. Now we just need to grab the info for

02:08:15
the zip polo crop and a-ine minis. Zip polo crop and a-ine minikrt. Okay, I'll grab all this. Take out the bill of materials. We'll go back in and add our visual references. Okay, there we go. We have our technical requirements. Palmsp spec stitching seam library. All right, and now we're done with this. So we have zip polo crop plus aine miniskirt cord, the rib tank dress and the fit and flare skater dress. So let's put all these in the Figma document. Now the next step is just to

02:09:01
send these design spec documents to a close 3D itellier. Discuss with them a little bit more about your references and what you envision for the project. Then they will give you the tech pack, bill of materials, process videos, 3D renders, patterns, and more, which I then send to a manufacturer, which I'll go over when we get to the manufacturing video, and then we'll go over content. Let me know if there's a topic you want me to cover in a future video, and I will see you in the next one. Welcome back to another

02:09:37
video. Today's video is all about getting products and designs manufactured. This is a follow-up video to the video from yesterday where I continued working on this fake brand that I've just been plotting from scratch called Sugar Baby. We are now on V2 of the Sugar Baby brand concept. We put together our brand armor. We put together our visual identity. We mocked up the three initial core products for the brand, defined the trims and hardware, and we put all of our design notes into three different Google Docs.

02:10:16
We focused on custom designs, premium materials, and a mix between being trendy and unique. Now, when we discuss manufacturing, we're going to make samples of those initial designs and then place a bulk order. In my personal experience running Pathos of Things and releasing collections for my own designer clothing brand, I will send these design specs for the garments to a Clo 3D professional. That Clo 3D Professional then sends me a ton of stuff. They send me a tech pack. This shirt comes with 3D mockups or 3D

02:10:57
renders from Clo 3D. And this is sized to the dimensions of an actual person. Little 3D videos. This model is also set up to be the exact height and weight as the model that I shoot photos and videos of in real life. Then I have the Clo 3D Pro send me these process videos. They're little vertical sped up process videos. These do well on social media and are also just a fun way to add an extra content pillar to your strategy. I wouldn't be surprised if we start seeing way more of this on social media. I'm

02:11:36
already seeing brands start to implement this style of content because a lot of brands are moving into the 3D fashion design lane. Here's a full horizontal process video that I actually also have on the homepage of my website, which I can show you. Let me pull that up. Okay, here is the website for my own designer fashion brand. Here is that shirt that I just showed you the 3D renders of. And as I scroll down the page, here is the process video, the horizontal process video. So, this works really well on my

02:12:14
website and it works really well on my social media content. And then last but not least, patterns. Patterns are the very specific dimensions with down to the millimeter that the manufacturer will have to cut and then sew together. So, this goes beyond just using mockup packs and tech packs. I send a tech pack as well, but having a pattern sheet is really what's going to make it a designer brand. The manufacturer is officially working on your cut and sew fabric designs, not just using a blank or or stealing a

02:12:59
silhouette from another brand, which I see brands do all the time. Once you have all those documents, it's important to just put them in one zip file or folder and then you're ready to send those to an actual manufacturer. When it comes to picking a manufacturer, there are really two options. You have local manufacturers, so those are people in your country, and international manufacturers, just manufacturers outside of your country. I am from the US. I live in California. So, this is my

02:13:31
based on what I'm about to tell you is based on my specific experience. For local US-based manufacturers, you have shorter lead times, meaning it takes less time for you to get your sample and your bulk order. You have more control over the quality, and typically it's easier to communicate with people from your own country than from a different country. Not every country does business the same way. The main con of picking a US-based manufacturer is that there are way higher production costs up to 5x what

02:14:06
you can find in China. And they are slow for whatever reason. And unless you're a big brand, if you're working with a US manufacturer, they probably don't have the machines, manpower, or fabric sourcing to get your garment made and shipped to you quickly. Compared to China, most of these big Chinese factories that you can even find on Alibaba have multiple floors on their factory, each floor dedicated to a different style of garment or fabric. And if they need to source something, they just go upstairs to the fifth floor

02:14:42
and find the type of nylon that you want, right? It's really simple and really convenient. Then once they find the fabric that you want, they likely have a machine or the manpower to make your garment really fast. In the US with LA based manufacturers, I used one LA based manufacturer. It took them almost 2 months to make one of my samples and it wasn't even finished. But I will say the quality of the samples that I did make in the US were really high, like way higher than most of the Chinese

02:15:18
manufacturers that I've tried. But you are going to pay like five times the price for international manufacturers. And I'm mostly talking about Chinese manufacturers. I've also tried Pakistani manufacturers, but I don't currently work with any Pakistani manufacturers. Only Chinese international. Pros, often lower costs, especially for your bulk order. Access to a wider range of materials and expertise. So, like I was saying, they'll likely be able to find the fabric that you want, and

02:15:50
they'll likely know how to stitch it and source all of the trims and everything that you need in order to make a full designer garment. compared to the US where it might take them way longer to source all of those things which leads to very fast turnaround for samples in production even though they're on the other side of the world. I can submit a design spec with my tech pack and my patterns get a sample back within 3 weeks and then get my bulk order within four after that. So 7 weeks total, less than two months, I

02:16:27
can have a full collection dropped. However, it's not all sweet and gold. It there are longer lead times if you choose freight shipping. So freight shipping is a great way to save money on your bulk order compared to air shipping. But freight shipping takes longer. There are potential communication issues if you don't speak Chinese, for example, and there are higher minimum order quantities. In the US, I was offered a 50pieceq right away from day one. In China, I was offered a 200pieceq

02:17:08
from day one and then had to work with that manufacturer, order a bunch of samples, place some bulk orders, and then eventually negotiate. Now I'm down to a 50 piece MOQ because they trust me and they know that I place bulk orders and I'm not just gonna order a bunch of samples and then leave. If you want access to my manufacturer, my most trusted manufacturer infos in the school group. I make personalized introductions for members of the pro group. Both of those links are in the description. All

02:17:38
right, so let's talk about the sampling phase of this manufacturing process. The sampling process always starts after the design process is done. Then we get all those tech packs, patterns, Clo 3D files, etc. from the CL3D professional and then I send them to the manufacturer. So here are some real text conversations on WeChat between me and Duke, my main point of contact at the factory I order from. I send them all those files in these compressed zip files. This includes my tech packs, my 3D

02:18:15
renders, etc. Duke then sends me a sample invoice, so it's about 80 bucks to get the sample made, and then I pay for fast air shipping, and that is $45. So, the total comes out to $125 bucks to get a designer garment sample made. It's really important that you do quality control for all of the samples after you order them before you place a bulk order. First, examine the construction. Stitching looks good, seams look good, overall construction looks good. Look for any inconsistencies like loose

02:18:53
threads or areas where the garment might break over time. Verify the measurements and fit. Make sure the sample matches your original design specs. Review the design elements. So, ensure that the logos, the tags, embroidery or any design specific elements are properly applied. And it's important that the samples match your vision and everything is in line with your vision and how you explain to the manufacturer that you wanted the sample to look. If you notice that things are super off, then maybe the manufacturer

02:19:31
wasn't paying attention and that's something you could have a discussion with them about. Or on the flip side, maybe you need to improve your tech packs or improve your design specs. Next, we have material testing. This is where you check the fabric weight, texture, and durability. When I ordered 280 GSM samples of t-shirts, I actually was not expecting the fabric weight to be so heavy. So, I also placed orders for 250 gsm of that same design to check the fabric weight and see if there was much of a

02:20:08
difference in quality. And then, super important, check whether the fabric behaves as expected, such as maintaining its shape after stretching or handling. These are the old logo TE's that I made. So, these looked great on first wear, but after like three or four we neckline became super warped and like bacon neck. All right. So, it was a really thick material, really high quality cotton jersey, silk screen print on the back. That was very nice. But the fabric warped in the neckline and this neckline needed to be

02:20:49
reinforced. And that's something that I realized after ordering samples and then doing a quality control check. Yeah. So wear test, that's like what I was just saying. Wear it at the gym. If you are making athletic wear, test it in the environment where the customer would wear that garment. If you make club wear, wear it to the club. Test it in the club. If you make athletic wear, wear it in the gym, wear it working out, wear it playing sports, and then wash and care test. This is super important.

02:21:22
Don't order a sample and then place a bulk order without washing it first. Check to see if there's any fading, shrinkage, or fabric distortion. I noticed that the light blue Pathos logo TE's, this is the same t-shirt I just showed you, but in a different color. Before it was cream, now this one is light blue. This light blue color faded to almost like a pale blue white over time after you wash it a couple times, which in my opinion was kind of cool, but that definitely wasn't the

02:21:58
expected outcome. And I think some customers maybe thought that was a little weird or they felt like the shirt just kind of died over time, which is not what I was going for. So, do your quality control, do your wash, care, wear tests. Very important. Here are some images of samples I made. And here's a video of one of the samples being printed with a screen printer. So, let's cool. Here's a photo from the manufacturer of one of my hats. And then here you could see there are some other

02:22:34
samples of the same hat design in the back. And here's a video of me on the patio at my whole crib. Also have those big box of bee samples. Here I'm wearing an old path hoodie. I'm wearing an old hat. And then I open the box and then I have t-shirts and some cargo pants and some jeans and a cool jacket. So yeah, I like to document the process of getting my samples. If I need to make any revisions, I will just plainly explain them in very simple terms to my point of contact at the factory and then we'll go

02:23:14
back and forth about it for a while and then I might order new samples until they're perfect. But what I found is that when I switched from doing my own tech packs and patterns to outsourcing to a close 3D professional, if we get the garment looking exactly how I want it on the 3D model, because the 3D model is based on the height and weight of a real person, usually the sample is perfect. So, the only time that I'll need to make sample revisions is if the factory does something completely wrong and it's not my fault.

02:23:57
For example, this logo was embroidered on the front of this windbreaker upside down. So, I went to the manufacturer and I said, I want to make sure that when I order bulk, this doesn't happen. because this happened actually to two samples with two different designs and [ __ ] happens, you know, like that's fine, but it's really important to communicate with the manufacturer like, "Hey, this is wrong. You didn't follow my tech pack. It's right side up on my tech pack. It's not upside down." And

02:24:34
I've actually once gone as far as saying, "I I need confirmation that you're going to get this right before I place a bull order." I had to make a new sample and then expedite it to me so I could check which just holds the manufacturer accountable and then they will take it seriously and ship the fixed sample to me quickly. At least that's what happened when I did this because they knew that I was like right on the line for placing a bulk order. And placing bulk orders is how these

02:25:07
manufacturers make the majority of their money. They're not trying to make money off of a ton of brands ordering samples. They're trying to make money from a couple of those brands that order samples eventually placing bigger bulk orders. So, I just kind of laid the law. I was like, "Look, man. I'm serious about this and I need to know that you're taking it serious and you're paying attention to all the details in my tech pack. So, I need you to make this sample again for

02:25:34
me. And then if I get this sample and it's perfect and there are no issues and we've confirmed the details, I will place a bulk order and everything went smooth after that. All right. So once your samples are done, you've done your quality control, it's time to place a bulk order, which just means ordering more than one of your design. There's one major thing that you need to understand before placing a bulk order and that is the concept of anq or a minimum order quantity. Minimum order quantities are the

02:26:20
smallest number of units a supplier is willing to sell you at a time. In other words, you need to order a certain number of pieces in order for them to even begin production. So, let's say you get a t-shirt design perfect or you get a hoodie sample perfect and you're like, "I'm ready to go. I want to place I want to order 10 hoodies." They're going to be like, "Sorry, but we don't you can't just order 10 hoodies. If you want to place a bulk order with us, that's going to you're going to need

02:26:51
to make 200 hoodies because that's ourQ or our minimum order quantity." real life example with that guy Duke who's my point of contact at my current manufacturer factory. When I first started working with Duke back in 2022, I said, "Hey, what is yourQ and price per piece for the items that we made samples for? Usually Duke said usually ourQ is 200 pieces, each design, each color." What that means is if I want to do a hoodie in black that I'm going to have to order 200 black hoodies in order

02:27:36
to place a bulk order. If I also want to do that hoodie in white or cream or blue or whatever, it's going to be an additional 200 pieces per color for 99.999% of brands. Placing a bulk order of 600 hoodies for your first drop is just not feasible. So I said, "Can you check to see if it's possible for me to reduce that to 100 pieces?" And you raise the price per piece because I knew that I didn't have the space in my apartment to hold more than 100 pieces. Duke said he could apply to his boss to

02:28:29
reduce theQ to 100 pieces. and he said that's all he could do. So, I placed a bulk order for 100 pieces. Once production was finished, I had Duke send me photos of the production run and then he packed and shipped everything to me. Here's a common breakdown for the sizes you should order. So, let's say you're ordering 100 shirts. Do 10 small, 40 medium, 40 large, 10 extra large. That's just the most common distribution based on data for other brands. This is a great place to start. Then

02:29:09
once you have data from what your customers typically order, you can adjust this breakdown. So you might have data showing that the majority of your customers are a size 34 pants or a size extra-L large hoodie. then you know for the next collection you might order more extra large than the last time because you know those will just sell more or they're more in demand with your specific audience. I told him that I wanted to order more colors but I didn't have space to hold inventory for hundreds of pieces. So I

02:29:45
asked if it was possible to order 50 pieces per color for two colors and adjust the price. Duke applied to his boss and then his boss agreed to make 50 pieces of each color for me. The price per piece went up a little bit, but it wasn't enough to steer me away. When members join FBV Pro and they need a manufacturer, I do personalized introductions with Duke, my manufacturer in China, and members of the pro group. Not only that, but Duke extends the 50pieceq offer to anyone that I connect him with. So, if you want

02:30:32
to skip months of negotiatingQS and placing expensive bulk orders at 100 or 200 pieces, if you connect with me and I connect you with Duke directly, you'll get to start your brand with a 50 piece minimum order quantity. If we do some quick math, this shirt is the shirt I showed you the 3D mock-ups for. And then here are a couple pages from my tech pack for that shirt. And here is that shirt on my website. So, just goes to show I'm actually utilizing these strategies that I show you in all my videos. And I'm actually

02:31:13
building a real brand. This shirt costs 2250 per piece. 2250 times 50 pieces is 1,125. Cost me $100 to make the sample and cost me about $200 to get all of the design files from the CL 3D professional. So that costs $1,425, a little under $1,500 bucks for the entire bulk order, including the designs. So for $1,500, if you follow all the steps and use my notion templates and my AI tools, you can launch a full cut and sew designer fashion brand. So that's it for this video about manufacturing. And if you

02:32:10
found this helpful at all, please like and subscribe. Hit the bell notification. It helps me out so much. If you want access to my whiteboards, my materials, my AI tools, and more. Join the fashion brand vault school community. It's completely free to join. In the FPV notion vault, I have an entire notion system for manufacturing, selecting your manufacturer, putting together your sampling workflow, your bulk production planner, and your packaging and sourcing system. This is going to help you out

02:32:45
tremendously and keep you on track so you get your samples made and your bulk production ordered as fast as possible with the highest possible quality. If there's a topic you'd like me to cover in a future video, please leave a comment and I look forward to seeing you in the next one. What's good everybody? Welcome back to another video. Today we are continuing with the next step in the overall fashion brand vault system. For this video series, I'm calling it build a brand because we've been actually

02:33:18
building this brand called Sugar Baby and I updated it a lot. Today is going to be all about packaging. We did manufacturing at least. We talked about domestic versus international manufacturing. We talked about full service versus cut and sew manufacturing. We talked about ordering samples. And we talked about placing a bulk order. But what I didn't go over in that video, which I've actually gone over before, and I'm going to go now deeper into in this video, is the packaging. I'm going

02:33:54
to keep this specific to fashion brands. I'll show you my brand's packaging, and I'll show you an unboxing video for my brand, and then I will also show you the packaging and explain the packaging that I came up with for this women's tennis inspired brand. Which by the way, if if you're wondering like why I did this style of brand, my brand, Pathos of Things, is a men'swear brand and the vibe is pretty moody and kind of dark. So, I wanted to do something that was uh still kind of in my style uh and the way

02:34:30
that I run the system for my own brand, but for a women's wear brand instead of a men's wear brand. I think that's been good practice for me. And also, I wanted to do something with like bright pink and bright blue instead of mostly black and white. If you want to learn more about my entire process, I share so much here in the fashion brand vault. It's a free school group. We're at 625 members now, so it's growing like crazy. Come introduce yourself in the welcome thread. Read some of these comments from

02:35:00
other brand members and join the party. Okay. So, if you are new to running a brand, you don't want to go too crazy with the packaging. You don't want to just like order everything that looks cool and try to make this like the best possible experience. There's a sweet spot and there's nuance to this. Adding more packaging doesn't necessarily mean it's better packaging. And if you add a ton of packaging to your unboxing experience, it's going to eat up a bunch of your

02:35:38
profit margins. So, I like to order really only what I consider to be the fashion brand startup essentials. Poly mailers, frosted zipper bags, custom tissue paper, custom hang tags, custom stickers. That's pretty much it. I'll explain this in more detail later in the video, but just to give you a brief idea, the garment, like whatever you're selling, jacket, pair of pants, shirt, whatever, goes in the frosted zipper bag first. The custom hang tag is should already be attached to the garment. So technically

02:36:26
the garment with the custom hang tag goes in the frosted zipper bag first. Then I like to put the custom sticker in the frosted zipper bag. Then I like to wrap the whole thing in tissue paper. And then it goes in the poly mailer. But I actually think getting custom poly mailers is unnecessary and might increase the chances of your garment getting stolen. if they see a label on it or a label that they recognize. If you're a small brand, that's probably unlikely. But either way, they might take a chance on

02:37:02
stealing your package. But if it's just like a regular black poly mailer, then like whatever, right? But when you open the black poly mailer, then you see the tissue paper. And then you open the tissue paper like it's Christmas morning and you see the frosted zipper bag with the garment inside. And then when you take the garment out, it has a custom hang tag on it and then a custom sticker falls out of the bag. And then that's like a good unboxing experience. This is just a way to visualize it. I

02:37:34
think there are three key elements for the premium unboxing experience, and that's sight, smell, and touch. If you can activate all those senses, it's going to feel like an actual experience. for Pathos. This is exactly what my hang tags look like. This is the top. This is the front of the tag. And then this is the back of the tag. This is exactly what my care label looks like. So, here's the front. It's just my wordmark logo. And then here's the back. The fabric details, the country where it

02:38:14
was made, and care details. This is exactly what my frosted zipper bag looks like. I'm going to show you a video of like the actual thing, but this was the mockup that I sent to the supplier and then they sent me back this exact thing. Basically, this is what the stickers look like. I'll show you that as well. I didn't end up doing the cologne this time. I'll probably do that for uh future drop. And no, I I'm not putting a bottle of cologne in every package. What this means is I'll spray

02:38:48
the hang tag with cologne like from a decent distance. So it's a very faint but it's like a nice scent and then that goes in the bag. So when someone pulls a garment out of the bag that activates the smell. So before if you saw this and you pause the video and you're taking notes and you're like smell. Yeah. Sometimes garments smell like the factory, right? and that goes away even before you wash it usually. But I think adding like a nice fragrance to the hang tag which is attached to the garment is

02:39:26
going to make the whole package smell nice and that's really going to elevate the experience for the user. Here's the tissue paper style that I ordered. Again, I'll show you the actual tissue tissue paper with the Pathos emblem printed on it. And then just a regular matte black poly mailer. Before I go into the total cost, I want to show you the video of my brand's unboxing. This is something I shot the other day just for practice. I think I'm actually going to redo it, use maybe a better camera

02:39:58
and some better lighting. But it's perfect for a YouTube video like this. that will actually show you the aspects all of the pieces in my unboxing which are all the pieces for my brand's packaging. Okay, here is my draft of an unboxing and I'll just pause it and we could go section by section. Here's me pulling out the black poly mailer. So, this is just like a regular black poly mailer. Nobody knows what's in there. And then when I open it, the first thing that I see is the custom

02:40:36
Pathos tissue paper. So this is what I was talking about. This is the style of tissue paper that I requested from my supplier and then I sent them an SVG file. Then they printed the emblem onto the tissue paper directly. Here's a closer look. So that's the exact Pathos emblem embroidered on the tissue paper and there's two sheets of tissue paper wrapped over each other. So you can kind of see like it's almost like doubled but that's the other side of the tissue paper sheet. So here I'm

02:41:14
just now taking the garment out of the tissue paper. This is the frosted zipper bag. So let me run that back actually really quick. Here's another shot of the tissue paper. Then I take the frosted zipper bag out of the tissue paper and it looks like this. So here's the Pathos of Things silk screen print on the zipper bag. And then on the inside, this is the hang tag, the exact hang tag like I was showing you here. So you could see it here on the right, that's in the video. And then here on the left, that's

02:41:46
the mockup that I sent the manufacturer and they made it exactly how I asked them to make it. Let's keep it rolling. So, here's another shot of the logo across the frosted zipper bag. I think it looks really nice. Now, in this next part, I take the jacket that I designed, the framework denim jacket specifically, out of the frosted zipper bag, and then I lay it out. And then I will show you the hang tag up close. So, here's another shot of the jacket. And then I zoom in on the hang tag. So, that's the hang tag.

02:42:22
Exactly like I mocked up for the manufacturer. And then when I flip it over, let's see. It's exactly like right here. See that? It's exactly like this. And then cool little embroidery on the front. Word mark tag stitched in. Anyway, that's for a different video. Let's keep it running. And then I just show the texture of the garment. And that's it. That's the entire rundown. Literally like I'm sharing the entire sauce. That is my complete packaging walk through uh for

02:42:58
how I do it for my brand specifically. Uh now let's get into the total cost. This is important. This is something that I feel like a lot of people don't share. $88.55 for 500 pieces of each packaging item that I just broke down. So, the poly mailer, zipper bag, tissue paper, custom sticker, custom hang tag, and then I got free shipping and handling. But then I paid an extra 24 bucks for shipping insurance, and that comes out to $1.62 per package, which is not bad, right? Like, if I have a 60%

02:43:39
margin on my garment, maybe it cost me $22 to get that garment manufactured. And then I add an extra $162 to the overhead for a nice unboxing packaging experience. That's now $2362. And if I sell that garment for, let's say, $80, that's still like $56 of profit to have a designer garment and now an awesome unboxing experience. Like those are pretty good margins. You can run ads with that. You can spend more money on cool content, shooting cool content. You can spend some more money on influencers.

02:44:26
All right, so I already kind of briefly explained the packing instructions, but I'm going to walk through it again so it is super clear to you. First, either you or whoever is packing the garment will go over operations and fulfillment probably tomorrow. First step, attach the hang tag to the garment. So, this is again, this is what my hang tag looks like. And here's that video again. This is what my hang tag looks like in real life, not just a mockup. Here, here's a closer shot of the back. Place

02:45:05
the garment and sticker in the frosted zipper bag and seal it. Zip it up. Next, wrap the sealed garment bag in two sheets of tissue paper. Place the bagged garment in the center. Fold the tissue paper over the garment neatly so there are no creases and then secure it with a seal. You can either buy a custom seal if you want to get really fancy, but I think just using clear tape is fine. Then prep for final packaging. So, place the wrapped garment into a poly mailer. I use that incognito black poly mailer.

02:45:45
And then I remove the adhesive back and seal it. Add the shipping label. And that's it. That's the entire packaging and packing rundown in less than 20 minutes. And now we're going to go over to the updated FRA updated fashion brand system. We're going to check off manufacturing. Next, we have operations and fulfillment where I'll cover fulfillment at home and 3PL. And then after that, we have content, Shopify store, and marketing. So, we still have a few more days of this, but

02:46:26
for Sugar Babies packaging in today's video, here are the concepts that I came up with. So, just like with Pathos, there's a frosted zipper bag. So, that looks like this. This is a frosted zipper bag. This mockup honestly looks a little bit more like a clear garment bag. The frosted zipper bags are a little foggy, which makes it look almost like it's harder to see the garment on the inside, which I think just increases the like Christmas morning factor, I like to call it. Here's the specific material and finish

02:47:07
that I would use. Here's why I would choose those. Basically, I just tie the packaging into motifs used in the garments. Pastel pink tissue paper for wrapping the frosted zipper bag with the garment inside. For the hang tag, my idea is a rectangular hang tag. So, we could use some kind of premium cardboard or I think we could also do something that's like kind of fuzzy. I think that's on brand and would make the packaging look really special. Like I feel like people would save the hang tag, right? They

02:47:44
would just like cut it off and throw it away. I think doing this little top stitching with the signature pastel blue on the edge of the hang tag with the deboss logo and like a little soft or fuzzy card is like a really cool idea. I really am stoked about that. I think it's dope. Elastic hang tag cord. So that looks like a hair band or a hair tie. I think that's pretty on brand. I think that actually looks cooler than this like rope material really. Like I wanted to emphasize the deboss and the

02:48:21
fuzzy here, but I think we tone the fuzzy back a little bit and use this like hair tie elastic cord to fasten the hang tag onto the garment. That's super fire. And then shipping mailer. So, I figured we just use like a regular black poly mailer like I was saying I used for Pathos or some kind of box. I think it would be nice to put garments in a box, something like this, like branded with a like a little catchy slogan like handle with sporty care. Maybe that's a little corny and needs to be workshopped, but

02:48:58
just for the sake of this example and mockup, I think this type of box works really well. And then I would probably replace all of these logos with the one we decided on. I think I actually like the italics because it's a little more like forward. It's a little sportier than when it's just regular. So, let me set that back to the italics. And then I would put that logo here on everything just to make it extremely consistent because that's what we talked about in the identity blueprint video where I

02:49:32
really made it clear that it's important to have consistency across all channels. Like these are just mock-ups in the sugar baby map and some of these all of these are AI generated and it's not super consistent yet. So I have to prompt it like a lot and generate a lot of images just to get it like as consistent as I'm getting it. So it's basically impossible to get like this specific logo that we're using in this image. Uh, I'm sure there are ways to get it way closer, but just for the sake

02:50:07
of time, this is what I'm running with. Doesn't need to be perfect. That's another thing that's important. If you guys are watching this and you've made it through all of these videos so far, if anything is holding you back and you're spending a lot of time perfecting like your AI generated mockups, that's not the point of AI generated mockups. These are not for your social media. These are not for your official website or e-commerce store. They're not for your official editorial. You never want

02:50:38
to submit an AI generated image for like a magazine feature. At least not yet. It's like not really accepted in the culture and society right now. I think a way more efficient and 100x leverage way to use AI is to just come up with these mockups and catch a vibe. So this is like vibe marketing or vibe designing. I know people talk a lot about vibe coding these days like using tools like cursor or cloud code to build software apps. And if you watch my content for the AI stuff, you definitely know what I'm

02:51:14
talking about. I think this is kind of like vibe designing in a way, right? And I'm not trying to generate an AI mockup that's going to be like one to one when I release. It's more so like going to help me stay on track so I keep my ideas and then I can notice things that are maybe not cohesive and refine them as I go and update things as I go. Anyway, if you want the specifics, feel free to just pause the video and take notes or you can grab this map in the FBV Pro group. I'm putting all my new

02:51:51
whiteboards in there. Feel free to join the free group as well. There's a bunch of free whiteboards like this. There's a free Chat GPT course for complete beginners in there. If there's a topic you'd like to see in another video, leave a comment on YouTube and I look forward to seeing you in the next one. What's going on everybody? Welcome back to another video. This is the next episode in the build a brand series. Today I am going to cover fulfillment and operations. This includes everything

02:52:23
about how to store your products and fulfill your products or in other words, ship your products to customers. There are really two main ways to do this that we'll talk about today. That's self- fulfillment and using a 3PL. In yesterday's video, we finished the entire manufacturing overview when we put together the packaging for our garments that gets included in the bulk order. So now that we have our packaging and we have our samples done and our bulk order in production, the next step

02:52:58
is figuring out how you're going to store that inventory and ship that inventory to the customers. What we do not want is to end up like one of those brands on Tik Tok that either never ships their garments because it's a scam. So, you don't want to get lumped in with that at all, but you also don't want to get lumped in with the brands that ship their orders like 6 months late because they need to do a pre-order and they need to sell a certain amount before they can even place aQ bulk order

02:53:39
with their manufacturer. So, we handled the bulk order already. This will ensure that all of the inventory is in stock and ready to go. So when the site is open and people place orders, we can fulfill them within 24 hours. So we designed these garments. We came up with the visual identity including the pallet, the typography and the logo. We have our colorway matrix here. our thread color formula, trims and hardware package, persona snapshot, and some details about the three products in the collection we've been

02:54:27
building for this fake brand called Sugar Baby. We then did the packaging. These are some packaging concepts. Let's just pretend the team, the sugar baby team, liked this and this and this. And then that's what they decided to run with. They ordered some inventory for the packaging from their manufacturer. And now the garments and the packaging are done. The manufacturer needs to ship them somewhere. They do not fulfill your orders for you. In other words, they won't just keep your inventory on hand

02:55:06
and then ship it whenever you make an order. It's not print on demand. It's not shipping on demand either. And they won't just hold your inventory at all. So, they're going to say, "Where are we shipping this?" And then you need to have already decided whether you're going to give them your home address and you fulfill at home or you give them the address of a third party logistics company like Petra or Ship Bob. I have done both of these strategies. So, here I'm in the big document we've

02:55:46
been building in a lot of these videos and I have this new section here, operations, fulfillment, and shipping. I'm going to build this whiteboard out live on this video. Okay, so we're going to put this little flowchart up here for reference. And now, let's start breaking it down. Starting with fulfill at home. The first thing you need to consider when you're deciding if you should fulfill your orders at home is, is there enough space for me to keep the inventory at my house or my apartment?

02:56:23
Because you need a minimum of 10 by 12 ft. And this is a dedicated space, right? This is not your kitchen table. It's not on the couch in your living room. This is a dedicated room or corner of a room that gets all of these zones. You have your receiving zone, your storage zone, your packing zone, and your shipping zone. Okay, that's space requirements. Next, you need equipment. You'll need a digital scale. I recommend getting something like this. You just put the package the garment in the packaging on

02:57:17
this scale and then it's just very easy to weigh the package that way. If you have really big packages, then you can get like a laundry scale on Amazon, which just allows you to weigh bigger packages more accurately. At home, we're going to need a thermal printer. If we use Shopify, we can just use something like Pirate Ship to print shipping labels and then you could just feed it directly into the thermal printer. That's what I did when I was fulfilling at home for the first couple

02:57:53
years of running my brand after the print on demand stage, which is like stage zero. I call it stage zero. But like right after that when I started printing on blanks and doing like actual photo shoots for the brand, I fulfilled at home. I used my digital scale to weigh the garment. I printed the label with the thermal printer just connected to my MacBook. I packed the garment into a zipper bag and then a poly mailer. And I stored all of the individual garments by size and color in tubs and I just was in my room

02:58:36
in my closet. The total cost was less than 500 bucks. Very manageable. If you're unfamiliar with what a thermal printer is, it looks like this. Just took a screenshot directly from Amazon. This is not the exact one that I used, but this one looks pretty good. It has same day shipping. 200 bucks. You get this tomorrow. You're ready to start printing labels. Here is a great workbench that can be used as a packing table. I don't use this anymore because I have been using a 3PL recently, but pirate ship is great for

02:59:19
printing labels. and getting the lowest possible rate. And then it just links with your Shopify store. You just connect your thermal printer to your computer and then you just print the shipping labels that way. You can pay for them on your computer in advance. Then you just slap the label onto the package and take you to the post office. You can also check out the pirate ship website. Here are all of the rates just displayed very clearly for you. So you can pick whether you want to do UPS ground.

02:59:59
They'll give you all of the information for how much that will cost. You could get a quote, UPS standard, USPS priority mail. If you don't know the difference, it will explain the difference to you. And then there are these tables that explain the pricing based on the distance the package needs to travel and the weight. If you create an account, you can get a quote for free. I'm not an affiliate, by the way, and I'm not even logged into an account because I haven't done this type of fulfillment in a

03:00:33
while, but I know that's what a lot of beginner brands will do. So to recap, Pirate Ship Plus Shopify for the cheapest shipping labels and then you print the shipping label with the thermal printer. And that's pretty much it. So we just covered fulfill at home and now we're going to move on to 3PL. Is 3PL right for everybody? No, it's not. So, when do you make the decision to use a 3PL or a third party logistics company? If you're unfamiliar with what a 3PL is, it's basically a company that

03:01:13
handles your warehousing. They'll store your products. They'll connect to your Shopify store. They'll pack your orders with the specific packaging that we covered in the last video. They'll store those orders in their bins, and then they'll pull the order from the bin, put the labels on, and ship it to your customer. It's completely handsoff. So, for me, for the last drop I did, I was moving, and I was doing a pretty small drop. So, I decided to test a 3PL for the first time. I specifically used Petra,

03:01:54
which I'll talk a little bit more about later in this video, but it was great for me because I was able to do my drop on schedule that I had planned for like over a year. And I was also still able to move and focus on the other aspects of my brand like making content and designing new pieces. I didn't have the space available or the time and energy to do the self-fululfillment method. If you are spending more than 70% of your time on fulfillment instead of growing the business or improving your craft, upgrade to a 3PL.

03:02:44
If storage is going to take up your entire living space, go with the 3PL. If you're already running a brand and your return rates are high, let's say they're like 15% or higher, go with a 3PL. Doing that many returns manually is really annoying in my opinion. the returns aspect of running a brand is solved by using a 3PL. It doesn't happen at every brand. If you're selling hats and those are one sizefits-all, you're not going to hit that roadblock of returns a lot. But if you have

03:03:28
several products and multiple sizes like extra small to double XXL or triple XL, that just creates more opportunity for a customer to get their size wrong and leads to more returns. Next, if you are selling more than 50 orders a month, that's a good time to start evaluating using a 3PL. If you're at 200 plus orders per month, 3PPL becomes obvious choice. Now, here's another thing to consider. A lot of 3PL's don't want to work with brands that are doing less than 50 or even 100 orders a month, which makes it

03:04:18
really hard to start a brand. If you live in a small apartment, maybe you have a family and you don't really have that much space or maybe you work a 9 to5 and you don't really have a lot of time or energy to be fulfilling orders, but your brand is just starting so you need to start with a 3PL anyway. That is when I think you should use something like Pietra Pietra and you just go to creators.petrastudio.com. I'm also not affiliate an affiliate of this. I do not get paid to do this and

03:04:54
it's not sponsored. I like Pietra. I'm actually not going to use Patra for my next drop, I think. And they did nothing wrong. It has nothing to do with them. I think I actually want to do the self fulfillment method in my new setup at the new spot and then just shoot a lot of content about it. And I I think that's going to be helpful for a lot of people that are especially the beginner people. But Pietra is great because I think they're the lowest cost and they work with small brands. Like

03:05:24
they kind of champion smaller brands and allow you to do very small orders like hold 50 pieces in a bin instead of needing you to prove that you can do 100 orders a month. Petra also can connect you with a manufacturer and a packaging supplier. So, I did not use Petra to find my manufacturer, but I did find the packaging manufacturer that did all the packaging for my most recent drop. They're called Yoko, and I found them through Pietra. That was awesome. So, shout out Pietra for that. They have a network of

03:06:05
suppliers that you could just instantly tap in with. The one thing about using Pietra for 3PL though and why their business model works for them and for small brands is because they charge you a small order fee. So if you are only doing a few orders a month or even an order a day, they're going to hit you with a small order fee and that could be anywhere from 7 to eight bucks. So the price actually is lower if you are shipping more orders for brands that are doing an even higher volume, right? Maybe they're in like

03:06:54
the,000 2,000 orders per month range. another 3PL recommendation based on my research. I personally have never used them, but I had a pretty long phone call with them where I talked about my brand and my idea for the 3PL and I ultimately went with Petra just because it made more sense. Ship Bob has more locations globally. So, this is important if you do international shipping because Pietra only has like one warehouse, I believe, that they ship out of and that's in the south in the US. So, shipping from the

03:07:40
Pietro warehouse to northern Washington state costs more money than shipping from the Pietro warehouse to Atlanta, Georgia. And international shipping gets extremely expensive where Ship Bob can hook you up with a warehouse, let's say in Europe, close to where your customers are if you're selling there. So, I guess that's another thing to note. If you're more international, not all of my viewers are American, check out Ship Bob and see what they can do for you. or there might be Europe specific 3PL that

03:08:14
I don't really know about. But I am speaking from experience. So I just know mostly about PietRA cuz I've used it in Ship Bob because it's probably what I'll use in the future. So if you go with a 3PL, you're going to lock in a reliable partner. And I use the word partner specifically cuz usually you'll have to sign a contract or something unless you use pietra and then it's just like a membership and you just pay monthly. It'll make sure your unboxing experience

03:08:45
is extremely un enjoyable every time. I've had a couple hiccups with Petra. They've sent the wrong size to customers before which was a huge bummer. One time a couple of my orders got like stuck in their system or something. So, the customer got the order like two weeks late. But outside of those a couple little issues, which at the end of the day weren't the biggest deal, the rest of the orders were shipped on time and everything went really smooth. And the people that pack and ship the products

03:09:20
from the bins and with my packaging and the tissue paper and everything, it's always a really smooth experience. And every customer so far has enjoyed the unboxing. They like the quality of my packaging. There are no wrinkles. The garment comes with no damage or anything like that. So, it's just very clean. And you can offer fast or expedited shipping with 3PL. If you're using Pra specifically, the expedited shipping costs are pretty expensive compared to the standard rate. So, if you're doing

03:09:53
like small order shipping and you're getting hit with fees for having low inventory and low orders, it might not be best to offer the one day or two day expedited shipping. And it's probably better to do standard shipping. The customer will get their product in a week or less. Just helps margins and saves a little bit of overhead. And then that will unlock this inventory strategy where you can set up easy returns. You just put a link on your website, which I can actually show you guys. Pro will let you add this link that just

03:10:30
says make a return. You can put it in your navigation bar on your website. When I click that, it takes me to this page and I just click here to make a return. I list all the delivery time info, return processing info, and international order info here on this page. And then if I click make a return, it takes me to pietro.store store and then my my brands link within the Petra system. You can start a return very easy. You just add your order number and your shipping zip code. The only times I've had people place returns with my

03:11:03
brand happened when the customer ordered an XL and they actually needed a double XL or they ordered a medium and they actually needed a large. The way that I fixed that is I audited my size chart and I really measured all of these things. I made sure that the size chart was perfect. I added the size and fit tab which recommends a size based on height. And then below that I have all the product details. So right here the customer gets the size chart. This is super accurate now. And I confirmed this

03:11:39
with my manufacturer. I had them check it and give me a size chart as well. And then I cross referenced mine with theirs and it was, you know, it's it's it's perfect now. And then right below that size and fit, they can see a snapshot of what will work for them based on their height. So that way they don't have to go and actually like measure the front rise or the length of their leg. Most people are too lazy to do this, but it's important to have there anyway. And then right under that the product details on

03:12:08
the left panel. On the left panel we have the high quality product imagery and that is how you reduce the amount of returns. Returns suck when you do it self-fulfilled or fulfilled at home. Returns are super easy and actually like completely brainless for you if you use a 3PL like Patra. also makes storing your bulk order really easy. You need space to do fulfillment at home. And if you don't have space, then you really shouldn't be ordering like a bulk order to your apartment or to your house. It's maybe

03:12:46
better to start with print on demand if that's your situation. But using a 3PL makes it easy to do a bulk order no matter what. They also list very simple tracking, so you can list that on your website as well. You can just have a button in the navbar that allows people to track their order. And it's also really easy to do restocks, especially if your supplier is in the pietro network. My packaging supplier is in the pietro network like I was saying before. So, whenever I need to reup on packaging, I just send a

03:13:20
quick message to my supplier in the Pietra dashboard and then they'll send me a payment link which I can pay using my business card and boom, I have officially restocked and it only took me maybe an hour. So, here's a recap of my strategy. If you are in the startup phase, meaning you've made zero to 100 orders, I recommend starting with home fulfillment or print on demand to just learn the basics. If you are in the growth phase, let's say this is 100 to 500 orders, evaluate three PLS and make a decision

03:14:05
on which one to use. If you're in the scaling phase, meaning you have placed more than 500 orders, like Be Lovely, which I talked about in my 100K a month Tik Tok shop video that I put out a week ago, that brand was doing over 500 orders a month. That brand was doing thousands of orders a month, at least when I was running ads and my friend Cece was making all the content. So, in that case, you got to probably go with a specialist 3PL. Ship Bob is more of a specialist 3PL than Pietra. Petra is more of like a

03:14:41
ecosystem where you can find a supplier and they'll do your fulfillment and they'll also store it and also ship it where Ship Bob is just a 3PL. Here's the too long didn't read version of everything we've talked about in this video so far. If you're under 50 orders per month and you have space in your home, stay home, learn the business, and worry about 3PL's later. Otherwise, the time you're spending on figuring out a 3PL is time that you can be spending on communicating with customers,

03:15:23
improving your design, improving your website, improving your marketing, improving your emails, improving your brand foundations, improving your brand messaging. Like, all those things are way more important and fundamental than figuring out how to get set up with a third party logistics company. If you're doing 50 to 100 orders per month or if you just really don't have the space, which a lot of people don't, that's okay. Shop for a 3PL. And that's pretty much it for operations

03:16:01
and fulfillment. We can confidently say that we've gone through all of these, talked about them in a ton of detail. We'll check all of them off for fulfill at home and 3PL. Tomorrow we will go over creative direction and content. I actually already went ahead and did a bunch of work for tomorrow's video. I'm going to finish it up tonight. But I got shot list. I got AI tools for making visual mockups that you can show to an art director or show to a photographer. Step by step, I'll show you pretty much

03:16:44
everything you'll need to do in order to get e-commerce photography, editorial style and lifestyle photography, user generated content, and more. Please like and subscribe on YouTube and hit that bell notification. If there's a topic you'd like me to cover in a future video, leave a comment and I will see you in the next one. What's good everybody? Welcome back to episode 7 in season 1 of the build a brand series. Today is going to cover creator direction and content and we're

03:17:15
going to continue with the fake brand we've been building from scratch called Sugar Baby. We covered the brand armor. Then after that, we went to the brand identity. Those are here in the Sugar Baby map. Here's the brand armor. And here's the visual identity. We established the garments and we put together a design specs for these three core pieces. We defined our trims. We sent our tech packs and patterns to the manufacturer. Hypothetically, we got samples back, cleared those samples

03:18:02
in the manufacturing stage and we also defined our packaging and mocked up some concepts with AI. Yesterday we went over operations and fulfillment which covers everything about shipping orders to customers. And now today we are at creative direction and content. I did a lot of work on the sugar baby concept over the last couple days just in my own time in preparation for this video. This big block that I'm going to go over today is split into two sections. So here I have the creative direction which

03:18:41
includes the core direction and the lighting. And then the rest of the board is content or rather a bunch of mockups for the content. And I have shot lists per garment, art directed lifestyle and direct to consumer content. This works great for social media and for the e-commerce website and user generated content style or UGC style. I used my notion vault which is available for purchase in the free school community and it's available for all members of FBV Pro. If you scroll all the way down

03:19:22
to creative direction and content, this is the step-by-step plan that I use to very quickly put together creative direction concepts. Step one includes the AI prompt so you can build your customtrained AI assistant that acts as an elite creative director. And then if you go into step two, define your creative direction. This will help you build a complete brand deck and it includes a template in the school group. There's a section for planning your shoot so everything goes super smooth. and more, including what to do on the

03:20:05
actual shoot day, how to organize and deploy your content, aka social media, how to post on social media. I don't want to spend a lot of time going through working with this notion template in the AI today for the sake of time. if that's something you like watching. Like so far I've done that a couple times in these videos where I've gone step by step with the AI just like live on camera. It's definitely slower, but it gives a much clearer idea of my thought process when I go about building things like

03:20:43
creative direction concepts. So, I'll let you let me know, viewer. Please let me know in the comments what you prefer. Or do you prefer when I kind of just rip through it and it's like an overview or do you prefer when it's much more slow paced and I actually am sitting here using the uh template in the video? What I do want to go over in this video though before I break down the rest of the Sugar Baby board is I want to kind of paint the picture of what a set looks like when you're

03:21:17
doing a shoot for a fashion brand. And this is just based on my experience. Not every shoot needs all of these people. I want to make that clear. If you already had a concept planned or a release planned and you watch this video and you're like, "Oh man, I didn't do a shoot with a stylist and a makeup artist and an art director." Like, that's okay. This is something that I definitely worked up to and didn't really become aware of until a couple years into running my business. And also, I had a

03:21:52
lot of help from people in my network, specifically this one guy, Dakota Griffin. So, shout out Dakota. If you follow me on Instagram, you're probably familiar with his work. We've collaborated on a couple projects at this point, but he's really good at uh connecting me with like a photographer and a stylist and a makeup artist and so on. Uh but let's just go through all of these one by one so you're aware of the team roles. And if you have no intention of being a creative director or learning how to be

03:22:23
a creative director and you just want the brand running aspect or the clothing brand aspect or the businessy stuff, I put the timestamps in the description, so feel free to skip around. But I do think that this is important to know if you plan on running your brand and you value your vision being part of that process. You're actually active in the brand. You're not just like doing it for money. You're doing it so you know someone else can come in and run it for you. All right. So, first and foremost,

03:22:57
there's a photographer on the shoot. The photographer works closely with the creative director to bring the vision to life. Sometimes the photographer has an assistant or two and those assistants will set up the equipment, adjust the lighting, help with onset logistics, just overall make it really easy for the photographer to work as fast as possible. I think you won't see dedicated lighting technicians and gaffers until much bigger fashion shoots. And the creative director might be like, "Hey, can you

03:23:31
move the light here and have it swing this way while we're getting the shot?" Or, "Can you move it and point it above the model's head?" And then the model's gonna move and you need to move the the light with it. Next is a videographer, someone who captures the video content either for behindthe-scenes footage or for a promotional campaign. For the last Pathos of Things shoot, we hired one person to walk around with their iPhone and just capture BTS of everything. People just love seeing these little

03:24:05
behindthe-scenes clips so much. And we have so many of them. This type of content can easily be spliced together, chopped up, sped up, slowed down. I like to lay the high-res images from the photo shoot like these. These are the like official photos that are on the website as well. I like to put these over the like I overlay them on the BTS footage. So, that's a great example of shooting BTS footage and it can be done just with an iPhone. And again, BTS means behind the scenes. I also have some editorial style video

03:24:51
for my brand. I hired my friend Austin to do this really, really awesome editorial style video, which is just it's all shots from the ECOM photo shoot day, but then color graded and spliced together and edited in a really cool style. and it just looks super moody, but it's in theme with the my vision for the project, right? So, I was if I was acting as creative director on the project, I gave him a bunch of mood boards and references, and then he helped me bring this to life and turn it

03:25:29
into a really, really awesome editorial style. What I mean by that is something that could be like featured on a blog or for like you know hype beast or magazine or I got a GQ feature once you know that so images or stills from this video can work for advertisements in editorial publishing. Next is the social media coordinator. So, what I was explaining to you about the the behind thescenes footage, that's a great example of using a social media coordinator as a BTS videographer. In my case,

03:26:10
Mango, who shot all the BTS videos, he was not posting live on the Instagram or anything, but I was posting live on the Instagram page all day and filming everything on my iPhone as well. It might be easier for you if you're not going to hire a full-on videographer. Editorial style videos with pro videographers cost thousands of dollars. If you're not ready for that, stick with the iPhone style, but get someone to handle all of the BTS content and social media posting for you. So that way, like

03:26:43
you can also do founder content where someone can be filming you and you could be going around doing whatever it is you're doing in the content, talking about the brand or whatever. Next is a stylist. I've hired stylists before for shoots and I've also done shoots without a stylist. I think hiring a stylist is one of those things that's lower on my list of importance because I personally like to be a part of the styling process. So, for like all the most recent Pathos of Things images,

03:27:21
these outfits were styled by me and Dakota. And we didn't hire a style, like a dedicated stylist, cuz we just figured we would do the we would fill that role together. These sunglasses that appear here in almost all of the editorial style imagery are my Balenciaga sunglasses. I bought them at Wasteland in LA. So, I figured I can just style the images. I can just style the outfits. This is like how I wear the clothes that I design anyway. So, it's not going to get more authentic than that. And then for

03:27:57
accessories and stuff like that, I have cool accessories that I will bring or I will source them myself. I could rent them or I'll buy them. In this case, I knew I wanted to use this style of sunglasses for the shoot. So, I actually bought them specifically for this shoot, but now I just wear them all the time. But if you are not as into the personal fashion, then hiring a stylist to help you fill in those gaps, accessorize, maybe find the right pair of shoes, either find the right pair of pants to

03:28:30
complement your shirt or hoodie or jacket or whatever you're making. That's when it's super worth it. Next is a hair stylist. And then I'll lump this together with makeup artist because sometimes you'll see H MUA, which stands for hair makeup artist in the credits of fashion photo shoots. At this point, I bet everyone watching knows what a hair stylist and a makeup artist is or what they are at this point. But just they make sure the models look good. They do their hair and they do makeup.

03:29:03
For female models, for my brand, I usually do like a neutral, clean makeup style. And then pretty much same thing for male models. Now, I'm only really doing men's wear, so I'm only shooting male models pretty much. And for Boua, the model, who was a part of the last lookbook shoot, I think we just did like very basic concealer and maybe some powder makeup so that his face didn't look shiny under the light, especially as you start to sweat. It gets kind of hot under the lights. And Bri, the hair

03:29:38
makeup artist would will just come and make sure his, you know, hair looks good. even if he sweats if he is sweating. So, dab dab it up and reapply some of the powder makeup and just do general touch-ups and adjustments during the shoot. You might be thinking, "Oh, that doesn't seem like super worth it. Like, my models can just go without makeup or like whatever." Like, yeah, if that's your vibe, if it's really just like super grungy and natural, then yeah, sure. But I guarantee that your images are going to

03:30:14
look more consistent and then overall professional, even just subconsciously to the customer. It's going to help stand out against other brands. Even if the makeup look is to have it appear that the model isn't wearing makeup. Next is the wardrobe assistant or dresser. Assist the stylist in prepping and managing outfits on the set. For the last shoot that we did, the art director was also the dresser and he had one assistant that would do things like fixing the lights and helping dress the model and they steamed

03:30:54
clothes as well. That was the biggest thing really that took up the most time for the assistant was steaming the clothes. Next, super important models face of the campaign. They wear the garments and express the mood of the shoot. You are probably going to work very closely with the models to direct them how you would like them to pose, what emotions to convey with their face, and just the overall vibe of the shoot. So, I've now been a part of a couple shoots as the creative director, but the last

03:31:31
shoot that I did for my own brand, I was the creative director and I modeled some of the clothes. I wasn't the main model, but I I did model like official editorial photos that I've used for the brand and are on the social media. So that gave me some really really cool perspective because Dakota who was producing and helped make the set who all of that which I get to in a second I don't want to jump the gun but Dakota would direct me and be like your eyes are a little intense less intense move your hands a

03:32:08
foot to the left a little bit more on your right hip while you put your hand in your left pocket. things like that, like really directing me. And that gave me a pretty serious new found perspective. Here's me modeling the pants, the Umbra trousers that were a part of my last shoot. Here I am modeling the pants and the framework denim jacket. There's Dakota. He's the producer and art director. This is Max. He is the photographer. here. And you can see Dakota is moving the light to follow my pace as I change

03:32:45
poses and the stances. It's just kind of like what a lighting technician or gaffer would do. Here you can see I'm taking direction from Dakota. He's telling me which way to face. He's telling me where to look in terms of the light. Here, Max and Dakota are helping me figure out the right place to stand and how to position the light so it's flattering on my skin. Which brings me to set designer and art director which oftentimes are the same person at least in my experience. The set designer and or art director

03:33:21
will design and manage the set or location to fit the shoot's theme and they'll ensure the set aligns with the creative concept including props. So, that's something that is really important to discuss with the set designer beforehand if you have any props that will enhance the narrative of the shoot. Backdrops, which we'll get to in a second when we talk about the sugar baby map. I have a couple examples of different backdrops to use and overall mood. Super super important. Having a set designer slashart director

03:33:59
on set has changed the game for me. It took all of my content from looking kind of amateur actually to looking pro in comparison to a lot of my peers brands and other small designer brands in my sphere of competition and influence. Next is the production manager/producer. So, this is another thing that Dakota kind of lumped in to what he does. Telling you, this this kid is the goat. So, what the production manager and producer will do is manage the schedule, the budget, and they'll coordinate all

03:34:36
the team members. As the producer, he found and hired the photographer. He found the videographer/social media coordinator. He found and hired the hair stylist and makeup artist. He found and hired the model. He acted as set designer/art director. He brought a production assistant/runner with him and also ordered food for lunch for everybody. So, I did all of the front end heavy lifting like designing the garments, designing the concept, coming up with the deck, all of the mood boards, making sure everything there is

03:35:25
cohesive, going through the entire manufacturing process, sampling process, getting the packaging, doing the 3PL, doing the fulfillment myself for a few years, like all of that needed to be done. And then I said to this producer, "Hey, here's what I have. Help me make like my full lookbook and all of my content." And then in just one day, we did one day. It was about 6 hours with a super small team and we got all of the Post content done for an entire collection. If you want access to this

03:36:04
whiteboard with the team roles and some creative director overview, you can access it in the fashion brand vault school group link in the description. All right, so now that we have our creative direction overview and you're all caught up on my process, let me walk you through what I'm doing for this women's wear brand called Sugar Baby that we've been building. So, here is the core creative direction that I've decided on. We want the catalog images to sell the clothes, right? Not necessarily

03:36:46
uh a lifestyle. Like, as you'll see when we get into the catalog, these these images are just against white backgrounds to remove distractions from the clothes. primary goal is sell through. The sporty, sweet, pop vibe is all about playful Y2K aesthetics. This is what I'm rocking with for the model and the styling of that model. Female models 18 to 25. Athletic but not too athletic builds. We want some model diversity. 5'8 to 5' 10. Then I defined the specific hair and makeup styles. the accessories and how I

03:37:31
envision them posing. Feel free to pause and read. Next, I defined the lighting and the camera. I have a video about lighting for creative directors that are non-photographers. I'm planning on making another video actually about that again where I'll break down lighting concepts in much more detail. But for now, all you need to know is that you can brainstorm different lighting styles using the notion template and AI tools that I have in the FBV Pro group and then feed these lighting details into an AI image

03:38:14
generation tool like MidJourney or even chat GPT. So, all of these images that I'm going to break down are based on these lighting and camera details that I have here in this table. And then the way the model looks in all of these images is based on the model and styling details that I have here. Okay, let's break down the catalog set. So, this photo set is for e-commerce product pages, social media, and pitching to retail locations. Retail locations like department stores or boutique stores

03:38:56
want to see a catalog when you're pitching your brand. Here's a super easy formula for shooting a high quality catalog. First shot, full front, arms relaxed like these. You just tell the model, keep your arms relaxed at your hips. Look right at the camera. 3/4 front. This is full, right? And then this can be considered 3/4. This is from head to toe. And this is just from head to the middle of the leg above the knee. Side profile. That looks like this. Back view. Walking step movement. So, this is kind of like

03:39:45
a walking step movement and a side profile. This is kind of like a standing side profile. Seated on acrylic cube. You don't need to do it on an acrylic cube. You can have the model sit on pretty much anything as long as it looks like it belongs in the scene. Macro one. So, we have the signature perforated fabric here for Sugar Baby. Macro 2 showcases the hem and stitch quality as well as the little bar tack Easter egg here. Hero portrait crop. Consider these to be hero portrait crops about thigh high looking directly at the

03:40:32
camera. Then an alternate backdrop color accent. So pretty much getting the same exact shot but with a different background. This is something you can probably do in post-prouction like in Photoshop as well. If you're trying to do it on a budget and you don't want to like set up a different color background or change the cycllorama color paper, you can usually also achieve this with lights using the right gels or using the right colored lights. So if we apply that to all three looks, we have the

03:41:08
blue dress here following the same guidelines for the shot list. We have our hero images sitting on the cube, walking side profile, back view, texture details, macro shots, and top down product shot. And then same for the polo top and skirt set. So, as you can see, it's really consistent. If you follow the same shot list and same lighting setup, no matter which model you are shooting or which product you're shooting, it's going to look glued together and super consistent. The next category of content

03:41:58
that I mocked up is for the lifestyle lookbook or direct to consumer content. The catalog's main goal was to sell garments. The lifestyle lookbook sells moments and garments happen to just be a part of those moments. So, I have some hero shots of models wearing the clothes. Here are three models wearing all three pieces in the set. So, it's important to show how all three pieces work together and are cohesive. Some art directed shots of the models in this cool outdoor tennis court with some

03:42:39
funky colors going on, but all of the colors are cohesive and within the original palette. We have pastel pinks, we have pastel blues, and we have black. I figured this type of shoot would probably go for about 6 hours. It would start in the morning and then it would end maybe as the sun is going down. So we have some nice bright and early morning shots, some midafter afternoon natural shadows, natural sun, natural lighting, and then late afternoon, early evening as the sun is going down, we just really

03:43:15
catch like a golden hour vibe. And that's pretty much it. I think this whole shoot can be achieved in one day. Three models tops. I think it would be kind of cute or catchy to get the three models here playing tennis with one of these wide macro shots and then also get some pictures of them hanging out and really showcase how the products in the drop are really connected and cohesive. Next, for this type of garment, because I imagine this will do very well on platforms like Tik Tok and Instagram

03:43:56
reels, we need user generated content. So, this is either shot inhouse and you get someone on the team or outsource it to someone that will make content like this where it's very candid, very natural, mirror style, Tik Tok style, selfie style, trendy vernacular like fit check and they make this content and it gets posted to the main sugar baby or brand uh social media accounts. But really where I think the highest leverage from this comes from is getting a few influencers or friends to wear the

03:44:42
clothes and make some content like this in the beginning and then get affiliates on Instagram and on Tik Tok because this is now a thing with Instagram. I don't think the ecosystem is as robust on Instagram with a creator marketplace as it is with Tik Tok. At least not yet. And I have yet to really test it. But I'm super familiar with how Tik Tok affiliates work because I helped scale an e-commerce business called Be Lovely to $100,000 revenue a month. And a big part of that chunk, a big chunk of that

03:45:16
revenue is coming from Tik Tok affiliates who would just post videos on their regular feed wearing the products and then they would tag the brand and then if they make sales they get a commission. But what was really really powerful is we ran ads to those affiliate posts as well because affiliate ads convert really well especially on platforms like Tik Tok where people buy from people. They don't necessarily buy from brands, right? So, someone on TikTok is way more likely to come up to Alexandra's page and buy the

03:45:51
sugar baby dress rather than going to the sugar baby page and then buying the dress directly from there. I think mirror selfie style is going to translate with the target audience really well. And then unboxing videos are going to be so huge from the brand account and from affiliate accounts. You want to show the customer that the packaging was well thought out and it feels like Christmas morning when you open up the package. When you have that type of experience, not sharing it with the world and not

03:46:23
making videos about it, it's kind of a missed opportunity. So, that's pretty much all the content that we're going to need for the first Sugar Baby drop. Again, it's all hypothetical. These are AI generated images based on my creative direction ideas of course, but I'm not launching this as a real brand. I am going to make a Shopify page for this brand concept. I'm going to fill out all of the social media sections here. This is a new thing that I'm adding to the system. This is the social media

03:46:55
section. So, I'll talk about reels. I'll talk about Tik Tok. We'll dive into trial reels. We could even talk about platforms like Pinterest. And then after that is marketing where we'll set up the full email marketing suite, paid ads. We'll look at some affiliate influencers. And I'll just continue to break everything down step by step. So now we're done with creative direction and content for Sugar Baby. If you're looking forward to seeing the rest of the videos in this series, like the next

03:47:23
one on building a Shopify store, like and subscribe. Hit the bell notification. If there's a topic you'd like me to cover in a future video, leave a comment. Join the FBV group or the fashion brand fault group if you want to see the rest of my process, get some of my free whiteboards, access my notion vault, connect with over 600 new members. It's a great time. Come join the party and I'll see you in the next one. I think that's really clean. This is looking way better. When you hover

03:47:52
over these images on desktop, it looks really good. You see the model hero shot with the simple color backgrounds, natural soft lighting. And then when we go to the mobile view, very clean. Let's now click into the tank dress product page. The product imagery should be all fixed. Now, if I scroll through it, so far so good. Remember, all of these images were added to the media bucket in the back end of Shopify, which is here. It's not in the website customizer or template builder. When you're setting

03:48:22
the media for your products, you do that in the products tab in the Shopify back end. What's good everybody? Welcome back to another video. In today's video, I'm going to build an entire Shopify storefront for this fake brand we've been building over the last several episodes called Sugar Baby. I'm going to use the brand armor and visual identity together as my north star for designing the aesthetic of the site and then I'm going to load all of this content onto the site. I'll be using my own website

03:49:00
as a template uh just because I have a custom theme that I use and I think it looks really good. So, I'm going to start here. I actually already imported my custom theme as a template and I changed the logo to sugar baby. And now we need to import the products which will then show up here on the website. And then we can kind of do the products and the product info at the same time is building the homepage and then the product pages, checkout page, and so on. I'm also going to use this custom chatbt project with a very

03:49:42
specific XML system prompt which is available for all pro members. You don't need to use this system prompt but it's prompt engineered to be extremely helpful specifically with writing copy or the text that goes on the e-commerce website. The first product that we're going to add to the website is the skater dress. I can go directly to the custom GPT that I set up and then import this PDF that we made in an earlier video. So now the PDF is ingested into the chat. We have the custom instructions here which are going to

03:50:27
drastically change the way that ChachiPT talks to us. And I'll start my idea by saying here is a product for the women's fashion brand Sugar Baby. Then I can come back to this board and I can just take a screenshot of this. Go back to Chat GBT. add that in as well. I attached a screenshot of a Figma board breaking down the visual identity for the brand. And then I'll take a screenshot of the brand armor as well. So the ideal customer avatar, the persona screenshot, the brand tone, and

03:51:12
the filter all were made in previous episodes. I'll just drag that here into Chai GPT. I'll say I also attached a screenshot of the brand armor which includes vision, mission, customer, persona, etc. Then I'll say ingest all of this information. Confirm when it has been ingested. Then let's discuss writing copy for the Shopify site. I'm currently building the Shopify site from scratch. The first task is to add the products. There are three products in total. We'll start with the first

03:52:12
product, the skater dress. I think we might have called it the like fun and fit skater dress. Something kind of corny. I like the idea of just calling it the skater dress. I think it's cleaner. So, let's put all this into one idea. And then we'll put all of this into another idea. Hashtag one, that's our main idea. Two hashtags. This is our sub idea. And then each sub ideid within that I'm representing with the two dashes or slashes or whatever you want to call them. Shopify

03:52:46
requires this information. One product title. Two description. Three is media. I will add the media manually. Do that on video. Then is price. we might need to discuss price strategy and we can start there. When we get to the point where we're optimizing the product pages, we're going to add things like fit overview, size charts, additional product details. So, this is just what we're going to start with and then feed this into the back end of Shopify right now. So, I'll send this off. That's a

03:53:33
pretty well ststructured prompt. And we have the context here from the PDF and the screenshots. And this has a custom system prompt which is going to make it act like an expert copywriter for e-commerce stores. So this is a really powerful way to use AI. I think some people would consider this to be like vibe marketing. I keep seeing that term, which is kind of a play on vibe coding. If you're unfamiliar with what Vibe coding is, it's when you just use AI to code a software or a website, but you

03:54:07
don't actually really know how to code. So, it's just using plain English to try and explain to an AI what you want and then the AI makes the code and then you have to debug it by just explaining in plain English. That's vibe coding. And then five marketing is when you have the AI do your marketing for you and you're just trying to explain in plain English what it is you need. I find that doing this like adding a custom system prompt in XML or JSON format, adding context like PDFs and screenshots of notes and

03:54:44
then structuring prompts like with markdown format like you see here like we have the one hashtag for one main idea, two hashtags for our sub idea. very clear formatting. Like that's the best way to do vibe marketing in my opinion. Like if you're really going to utilize the AI and have it help you build things that are like businessoriented, like things that have real implications if you change them. You want to make sure that the AI is really aligned with you and you're not just using like the general tools. You

03:55:17
don't want to just use like the free version of any of these AI tools and just have it on like the most normy settings. Anyway, rant over. Let's continue here. 03 says, "All visuals brand armor details in the skater dress tech packet are fully ingested. Before we draft the Shopify listing, could you confirm two things? launch price or price band you're targeting colorways for the first drop. Pink, blue, and one black accent option option as noted or any adjustments. So now this

03:55:49
is actually a good time. I was going to make a separate video about this, but I guess I might as well just include it in this because a lot of people watching this that are following along are going to get to this point and then they're going to, "Oh my god, I don't know how to price my products." So, this is a perfect time to vibe vibe market that live on camera for this video so you can see how I would approach pricing a product. So in this chat I'm going to activate deep research

03:56:21
and web search and I'm going to say I need you to research similar brands with similar target audiences and compile data about how these brands price their products. I'm aiming for an average order value of $150. Then give me an idea of where Sugar Baby sits in the market. Is there a price point that makes perfect sense? And we can fire that off with the research on. Okay, so very quickly, I just went back to the brand foundations or brand armor custom GPT that we built in the very first episode

03:57:18
because we were already talking about brand positioning and the sugar baby filter. This is where we built all the brand armor that was uh that we put here. But I am now realizing for the sake of time, I didn't do the full competitor analysis. And I didn't realize I was actually going to turn this into like a thing where I really build out this whole brand. I just went through and I used 03 with deep research to do the a full competitor analysis and back it up with sources and then give me a

03:57:52
breakdown. So here, let me close the citations and then we can read this together. Below is a tight short list of eight tennis core labels that tick all four boxes. Same demographic, Gen Z/ young millennial women, playful, pretty aesthetic, sweet, friendly fabrics, and $90 to $200 pricing. So, I could already come back here and just say $90 to $200 and just fill these basic questions out, but I want to keep reading this because I think this will be supplemental to the brand foundations. And anyone who's made

03:58:29
it this far or watched all these videos will definitely benefit, I think, from this section right here. And a few members have also mentioned they like when I take it kind of slow and read through the AI responses because not everybody gets the same AI responses and not everybody uses the custom system prompts that I use. So I will read through this and then I can just copy and paste this entire table and then feed it to the copywriter assistant. the chat with the custom system prompt that makes it really good

03:59:02
at writing all the text for the Shopify site. So, this is a good example of having the AI prompt the other AI and you can kind of just chain it up. I think this is a good way to get various perspectives, but it's important to stay pragmatic in those situations because you don't want to just follow like one AI and just press go every time. Like it gives you a suggestion and you're like, "Okay." And then it gives you another suggestion, you're like, "Okay." And the next thing

03:59:34
you know, you've like built this messy thing that just has no soul. I think a very similar analogy is with vibe coding where people will just use something like cursor. And I've done this before. I've built apps, like little apps for myself using cursor. Maybe I'll make a video about that in the future by just prompting the AI to build the code. And sometimes it like really has a great idea or thinks it has a great idea and then it's like let me just build this thing and it just wants to build and

04:00:02
build and build and then when you test it it's like broken and bloated and there's all this like extra crap. The thing about using these AI tools that's really important to understand is that the AI is set up to want to build and also take up your time. It's like a social media algorithm being optimized for user time. The AI is to a certain extent optimized so you use it more. It's almost like an addicting experience. So we can actually start building a little mood board of competitor e-commerce sites and then

04:00:41
build upon that for our own Shopify site. This is also a great way to develop your eye for what other brands are doing, what their art direction looks like, how they set up their website, what kind of models they use, what kind of lighting they use. So, I'll set up another little section here. We're going to call this competitors plus ecom sites. Okay, first company screenshot going to the mood board. We're just going to do like the top of their homepage. We see like an outdoor lifestyle shop.

04:01:21
The look right here. So, we'll do like the homepage, some lifestyle imagery. Here's some more outside lifestyle imagery. So, this brand does their outdoor lifestyle art directed content for all of these shop the look sections. We can get some product photography. So, this looks really good. If you watched yesterday's video, you'll know all about how Brands set this up with their shot list and their lighting and everything. They put their main product image as the last image, which is kind of

04:02:05
interesting. I like this close-up macro shot. All right. So, that's enough for the stud images. Now, let's put in the info and we can just screenshot. I'm actually just going to screenshot this whole table and I'm going to put it here in this competitors section so I have a reference that I can just drag and drop into chatt at any time. Stud's aesthetic signal is retro prep meets LA. It girl pastel trims and contrast piping, but it's a little more muted and subtle than Sugar Baby. Let's check out

04:02:49
the next one. Sporty and Rich. Okay, here's the Sporty and Rich website. Big hero image on the top. The announcement bar says eyewear drop. Here's that eyewear drop. And then big on the eyewear right now. So, this brand is pushing eyewear extremely hard. It's everything featured for like the first third of the website. And then here are the essentials and the hoodies. These are probably their best sellers. Let's get some of the discover the lookbook imagery here. I think this looks really good. It's a cool little

04:03:26
interactive site. So, let's just grab screenshot and drop it in. Let's check out their tennis wear section. Very minimal, very clean, subtle. They don't do a lot of different colorways for these products. It seems like they just do two colorways each for these. And then they expand the color palette with red and then green for their main accent color on the website. So, I like it. Nice. We can grab this and then let's get some product imagery. Okay, that's cool. So, they do like a lifestyle product image

04:04:03
here as the hero shot on the main product page of the website. That's a cool way to do it. Really, I'm looking for these. These are great product shots. Pretty even lighting, soft lighting, white cycllorama background. Super clean. This model looks like Sydney Sweeney a little bit. I bet that was on purpose cuz Sydney Sweeney is super relevant right now in pop culture. Okay. And let's grab like one more image. That's a cool little embroidery on the product. Let's just grab this back image. And then next

04:04:45
we have recreational habits. Here we go. This is the e-commerce site for recreational habits. Wimbledon whites and masters green. Very on brand with tennis and golf culture. Let's grab this and add the screenshot to our document here. Okay, let's shop by activities and then go to the tennis section. Okay, this is kind of cool. This is Sugar Baby Vibes. For all of their product imagery, it's art directed and shot outside. So, they didn't even do the white cycllorama. They pretty much skipped the

04:05:25
white cycllorama completely. So, that's just another way to do it. And I think that actually works for a golf brand. I know that we're kind of doing tennis style. We're not really doing golf, but honestly, I think this could be worn during tennis, too. But specifically, if we want to really look at tennis, we should go back to the homepage and check out the Wimbledon white because that's like as tennis as it gets. Here we go. The Natasha tennis skirt with green piping. All right, for

04:05:56
record, here's another product I just clicked on. The tennis dress in white. So, this was actually the hero piece that Chachi BT recommended. Yeah, 135 bucks. So that just confirms that the research chatbt did here is really actually quite fantastic. Sarif logo like this is literally speaking to like country club moms. Like she's pushing a carriage. I got to get a screenshot of that. Here's another tennis dress again with the art directed on model shots. And then it looks like the garment is completely removed from

04:06:40
the background in Photoshop. There are no shadows or anything. Okay, so that's recreational habits. Next is Vley. Okay, here's the Vley homepage. So they have a hero video at the top, which I like. And then immediately under that, lots of beautifully art ddirected content. So far, this is the most impressive brand that we've looked at out of all of them in terms of website and aesthetic direction, load speed, art direction, editing, photos. I mean, look at this content. This is amazing. It's very New York

04:07:19
chic. This looks like Manhattan. I like the art direction for the e-commerce photos here. It's like having a regular white cycllorama but with a very specific colored backdrop to help make the product pop. Here we see the model sitting on this box. That's actually a shot that I included in the shot list from the last episode. We have the model seated on an acrylic cube. So this is my AI generated mockup. And then here is like an actual model shot of the model doing exactly that. So I'll get a screenshot of that. Let's go

04:08:00
a little deeper with this brand. That's cool for e-commerce catalog. Let's take a look at their art direction. They do so many locations, but it's so cohesive. It makes sense that this looks like it was shot in New York. I mean, the collection is called the New York Summer. Let's check out the rest of this collection. Nice. So, this is one location, one model, multiple outfits on a ferry or a boat going to the Statue of Liberty right outside of Manhattan. Then with the same model, probably shot

04:08:32
on the same day, but at different locations. Here's on the street outside of what I'm assuming is a luxury apartment building. This bench matches the canopy here and the bushes. All the pallets are really consistent, but they also make the garments really stand out and pop on the screen here. A different vibe with the model and the color palette. This one's way more nautical. We have deeper blues, wine colored sweater. I think that's awesome. another location in front of one of these expensive town homes, probably on

04:09:14
the upper west side of Manhattan. So, I'm seeing two two shoots here. I'm seeing the the New York City chic woman in her 30s and then more nautical. So, country club, Westchester County, suburbs outside of New York, American Yacht Club, Westchester Country Club, like that kind of vibe. And that's probably if I were to guess because the majority of their demographic is rich mid30s New York City wives and then maybe a little bit of an older demographic that is, you know, settled down in Westchester and going to the

04:09:58
yacht club for lunch and drinks on Friday evening. This to me is speaking to like actual New York City rich people. Sporty and rich with the sporty and rich embroidery. This to me looks like something that actual rich elite people would see and be like, I would never wear that. But someone that aspires to be a sporty rich person would wear this. If that makes sense. If we compare it to Vley, I really think it's just two completely different demographics, but the price points are pretty much the

04:10:36
same. I mean, this is $155. This is $148. This seems way higher quality to me. Here we have an about section, content about the founders. They did an interview here. You can watch the full interview. Just feels like they've done a lot more world building. Okay, what was next? Outdoor Voices is the next brand. ChachiBT says, "This brand is a viral Tik Tok staple with solid colors and a functional cut." Let's check it out. Okay, I like super basic websites. The art direction is nice. I like the

04:11:12
movement of the model. Exercise dress. Nice macro shot. Speaking to a more techsavvy audience by, I'm assuming, purposely putting AirPods in the shot. These look like the AirPod Pros. So, those are the expensive ones. Yeah, I like it. This looks great. $100. And then they have four interest free payments. Pretty standard these days, I'd say. Let's grab the screenshot. S K O RT. It's like a skirt short. Outdoor Voices has the indoor e-commerce against the cycllorama style photos directly

04:11:55
next to the lifestyle content. The only thing about that is this. It just looks like two completely different brands. This is very specific natural lighting outside at the beach. Very different model. So like the first image to the second image to the third image to the fourth image to the fifth image, it just all kind of feels a little disconnected. And like the ones on this left panel all belong together. And then the ones on this right panel should all work together, but then like this is edited pretty differently than

04:12:33
this. These were obviously shot on two different days in two different locations, color graded and edited differently. So there are like three aesthetics here. There's like this one here and this one at the bottom are the same day, st same editing. This one here is kind of like in its own space with its own model and editing. And then these three on the left have the same model and the same lighting and art direction. So, it's a little inconsistent. Let's do one more and then we can start building the Shopify site.

04:13:07
Free People Movement. Free People Movement has an entire tennis and pickle ball section of their website, which I think is pretty cool because that's actually getting pretty deep into the culture of it. Multiple models, gear, tennis whites, bunch of different models, bunch of different locations, bunch of different lighting here, but it all still kind of looks cohesive. It doesn't look like three different brands necessarily like this. There's some vertical video. Nice Tik Tok and real

04:13:38
style vertical video. All right, cool. Let's just grab some photos and then keep on going. Cool. So, they put their lifestyle outdoor hero images at the top with video at the top. They probably have some data showing that their audience is mostly Gen Z. They scroll on Tik Tok a lot. So, it's important to have vertical video at the top of the page. So, we take a screenshot of that. And then let's reference their catalog imagery. So very soft lighting in the white cycllorama studio. Pretty

04:14:13
standard. Looks great though. Okay, I think that's good. Now we have a pretty comprehensive mood board of the competitors in the space. We broke down how they do their product images and I provided some insight on art direction and creative direction for e-commerce. Now, we need to start really pulling it all together and tying it all in for Sugar Baby. So, let's go back to our custom GPT assistant that is specifically for writing the product descriptions and website copy. Copied that entire table over from the other

04:14:53
GPT assistant that we also took a screenshot of here. Here, I'll take a screenshot, drag it into the chat, and then I'll say, "Here is a table with a full pricing analysis based on competitors." And then I'll send that through and see what it says. Thanks for sharing the competitive pricing breakdown. This gives a sharp read on your lane. I'll now pull fresh data on price ranges, Heroes, SKUs, and positioning for similar fashion, fitness brands. targeting the customer avatar.

04:15:30
Okay, so now the copywriting assistant is going to generate its own report and then it will have all of the context on how we want to set up our Shopify site. It'll know everything about our competitors. It'll have fresh data about what's currently trending in the market. And then we'll write our copy and then we'll add our photos. Okay, the full report is done now. I actually let it run and I took a break and now I'm back and it's right here. This what I'm about

04:16:01
to show you is the type of thing that only can really be achieved with prompt engineering and practice using the AI. Coming up with a really good prompt, giving it context, feeding it a proper system prompt, and activating the deep research feature, which you can't do on a free plan, unfortunately. Let's check out this entire research report. And I can download this as a markdown file or a PDF and I can share the link directly. So I think I'll put this link in the description of this

04:16:41
video. So here are all of those brands that we made the mood boards for that I had in that table. Uh I'm not going to read through all of this on the video, but like I said, I'll provide that link so you can scroll through and read it for yourself. But this just provides some more info and it goes really deep on the pricing analysis for each of the competitor brands. The thing that I love about the deep research feature is that it really supplies good resources and links. Like it can just look something

04:17:17
up and then site the source like right here on the spot and this link works and takes me to address from a competitor brand. Here's Vley. That was my favorite brand out of all the ones we made mood boards for. Transatlantic London to Los Angeles. And surprisingly, they are underpriced for what I would have thought. Here's what's really important. This is kind of why we ran this in the first place, at least for the sake of this video. The summary of the price bands. I'll read this.

04:17:51
Across these comparable brands, most tennis inspired dresses and sets cluster between roughly $90 and $220. The lower end around 90 to 120 is populated by mainstream active wear lines and influencer brands FP Movement Outdoor Voices and Pop Flex for example. Offering trendy looks at accessible prices. The mid to upper end $150 to $220 includes more fashion driven or prestige labels which leverage higher quality materials, limited editions or designer branding to command premium prices. In short, the sweet spot for a stylish

04:18:31
court dress or matching set is often around the low 100s, but consumers do pay 150 plus when the brand story and quality warrant it. So, I think because our idea was to have Sugar Baby be a made in America brand, I see no reason why we can't justify 150 plus. But let's read why a 150 plus price range is working for these brands. According to the research report, Sporty and Rich successfully sells items at 200 plus based on brand allure and nostalgia. So here is Sporty and Rich. I took some

04:19:12
screenshots. This is from the mood board. Very clean backdrop for the flatlight photography matches the backdrop for the on model catalog images. And there's really nice art ddirected outdoor photography as well. And it seems they do limited drops to create exclusivity. So cool art directed brand, limited drops. That's really their main thing. And that justifies selling pieces for 200 plus. The brand is cold status and does cool collaborations. Something to think about if you want to position your brand viewer at home at

04:19:54
$200 plus dollars, you're going to need to do something really special. Whether that's the quality of the content, the world building, the experience, maybe it's really exclusive. Let's keep reading. Serves by LA. Though new, Serves by LA positions itself as a luxury courtware label and prices accordingly. Like this dress at $220. Let's check it out. The Kennedy dress confirmed Shopify. The shop pay five reviews. Okay. Bunch of verified buyers. That's good. Boom. There we go. That's why this

04:20:33
is the biggest reason why it's more than $200. Handcrafted with love in the USA. If you get your garments made in the US, it justifies a high price point. If you have really awesome art directed brand content and your pieces are made in the USA, yeah, you can go crazy with the pricing, but that's not always feasible for small brands or startups or if this is your first fashion brand. Like, I still get the majority of my pieces made. I still get really all my pieces made in China. I've only been in the sampling phase

04:21:07
with US manufacturers. So, my brand never charges anything in this price point except one time I did a jewelry drop and that was different cuz that was moisite and that's a a cool moisite bracelet is worth a couple hundred bucks. But for like a jacket or garment Oh, and I did one suede jacket that I sold for 400, but that was a one of one piece. Okay, let's keep reading. Recreational habits. So, we made a mood board for them. And that's here. Wimbledon whites, tennis mom, kind of sultry, a young

04:21:49
model. Chai BT says most recreational habits pieces are mid-range. Their higherend dresses in the 165 to 175 price point are justified by unique design and lifestyle branding. For instance, a $175 tennis dress might come with built-in green undershorts or a novel a halterneck terry design. And then it provided a link. Let's check that out. So, we are already on this page, but it's talking about this Salone Racer tennis dress in white with green undershort. We had that in the mood board as well here. Key

04:22:28
patterns amongst all the brands in the 150 price point. They tend to offer either technical enhancements like built-in support or specialty fabrics, strong design narratives like heritage. If you don't come from a rich background and you don't want to cosplay as coming from a rich background, do not do the heritage thing. It only works for certain brands. But nostalgia is something that's fun and easy to art direct. You can reference something that was cool maybe in the ' 60s or ' 70s.

04:23:03
or exclusivity. That's that's something that a lot of brands will do. You know, they'll lock their website. I do that sometimes. My website's sort of locked. It's like half locked right now. Some people just do in person at first. Like, there are so many ways to build exclusivity. Maybe I'll make a full dedicated video about that. Chad GBT says you can incorporate quote unquote premium branding. I guess that's maybe a little general what it says here that elevates the

04:23:33
product beyond a basic workout piece. Often it's a combination of these factors. For example, an upscale tennis dress might use a compressive high performance fabric and include retro inpired tailoring sold by a brand known for style leadership. Buyers in the segment are paying for both functionality and fashion credibility. This context is important for SugarBaby in determining how to price and position its own offerings. Let's keep going. Sugar Baby's unique positioning versus the market. Sugar

04:24:05
Baby's design story centers on features that are distinctive in this landscape. Made in the USA production, coordinated trims, a cheeky brand tone, and nostalgic silhouettes. That's what I was saying. It's it's easy to reference something which that people get nostalgic for. Each of these elements can be an asset when competing to the above market. Starting with made in USA. This is relatively rare in active wear and signals quality and ethical manufacturing. Key word here signals,

04:24:41
right? Like personally, I work with a Chinese manufacturer and I think that the quality is great and I know for a fact that their manufacturing is ethical. I had them send me videos of the factory. I've ordered thousands of dollars worth of samples, probably over 30 or 40 pieces of samples at this point for different garments, just learning how to make garments over the years. So even though you have a Chinese manufacturer, that doesn't mean that you have lowquality or unethical manufacturing.

04:25:13
But if you are made in the USA, that signals no matter what, subconsciously, people are just going to automatically associate your brand with quality and ethical manufacturing. They're not going to go digging and do the research to see if your Chinese manufacturer, you know, is ethical or not. Like a lot of people just assume that if it's made in China, it's like made at sweat shop or something, which I don't agree with. But that is just unfortunately, at least in America, what most people assume. If you

04:25:46
want to hear more stories about working with manufacturers, maybe I'll make a series like manufacturing tales or something like that. That sounds super corny, but I'll I'll riff on that if people are interested. Otherwise, I actually don't know how interested people really are in like my manufacturer stories. I feel like most people just want me to connect them with the one manufacturer that I trust. And that's cool, too. Like, whatever. Skip the line by all means. Sugar Baby's USAm

04:26:14
made claim can justify a higher price due to higher production costs and the allure of homegrown craftsmanship. It suggests the garments may have superior construction in a more limited artistal production run. For customers who value sustainability or Americanmade goods, this adds tangible value that a $100 mass-produced dress might lack. Coordinated trims and detail, Sugar Baby emphasizes coordinated trim and detailing, meaning each garment likely has thoughtfully matched colors or piped edges that tie a look together. This

04:26:46
level of design detail is usually seen in pricier lines. For example, Sporty and Rich uses contrast piping on skirts and dresses. And here sent a link. So yeah, that's what they kind of do with their main products. It seems by LA adds matching belts and contrast panels to its dress. For Sugar Baby, highquality trims signal that the product is not a generic piece. It's a fashion item with personality. Customers tend to perceive such detailing as a mark of premium design, which helps make

04:27:20
a $150 price feel worth it for something special. All right, now I feel like we're really cooking. Cheeky tone. We've kind of covered that in a couple videos already. And nostalgic silhouette. Let's talk about this one more time cuz I I brought this up while I was just riffing on an idea and it was actually already in this document. So, I'm glad it popped up. I'm glad I'm actually on the same page with the research bot. I've been doing my research. Anyway, here we go. Nostalgic

04:27:48
silhouette. Sugar baby silhouettes drawn nostalgia. Likely 90s, early 2000s, tennis and prep fashion. Yes, Y2K. That's what I was going for. Short pleated skirts, collared zip front dresses, maybe references to outfits from retro sports films or icons. This nostalgic angle is exactly what's trending and driving many of the brands above. Link to me to a Vogue article here. 32 tennis dresses to help you master the country club aesthetic. Okay, so when was this posted? February 27th, 2025. So, a few months ago, Vogue noted

04:28:21
that retro athletic attire and vintage inspired designs from brands like Stodd Sport and Sporty and Rich have fueled the tennis court trend. Sugar Baby is directly tapping into that same consumer desire for throwback looks. If executed well, the target audience will emotionally connect with the product. Emotional connection translates to perceived value. Buyers might justify spending 150 plus on Sugar Baby's dress because it gives them the nostalgia fix that cheaper, planer active wear doesn't. Here we go. This is huge. Just

04:28:54
going to keep this highlighted. Pause it. Read it. I'm going to read it out loud. Essentially, Sugar Baby can stand out by offering authentic retro prep style with a fun twist made locally with love. That combination isn't really available for the big activewear brands at poor prices. So, we've officially nailed the product market fit. We officially have established really where the brand belongs. Now, it's really coming together. And I hope you as the viewer are kind of having maybe a little

04:29:29
bit of an aha moment. Okay. Yeah. Like I see what other brands are doing and I see why they're doing it and I see why Chris made the visual identity this way and I see why this is cohesive and I see why he did the brand armor this way and I see why the packaging looks like this and I understand like how to set up my catalog shoot now so I can get all my catalog images for my website. like we're piecing this together like Legos. Is a $1 135 to $165 price point worth it? In light of the above comparisons,

04:30:07
pricing Sugar Baby's coordinated sets or dresses in the 135 to$165 range can be appropriate, provided the brand leverages its unique value props. Here's why. This range squarely positions Sugar Baby in the premium middle of the market. Not as high as the most expensive fashion labels, but clearly above the mass market. For context, 135 to 165 would put it near Recreational Habits and Aloe Yoga on the price spectrum and just below Sporty and Richer Serves by LA's pricing. Many consumers are already paying about $128

04:30:41
for a Free People dress. So spending a bit more in the 150ish range on a higher quality USAmade piece is not a huge leap. As long as Sugar Baby's quality fabric fit finish visibly outshines the $100 price range fast fashion options, customers will feel the difference is justified. The 150 segment in this niche is supported by storytelling and exclusivity, which Sugar Baby has. A purchase from Sugar Baby comes with a story, nostalgia, cheekiness, and conscious production. The narrative adds intangible value. For example, a shopper

04:31:16
might reason, "This dress costs $150, but it's ethically made in the US, and it's giving me major 2000s Lwood vibes. Totally worth it." In contrast, a $120 dress from a big brand might feel more generic. As long as Sugar Baby communicates its brand story well through marketing, packaging, social media tone, the target demographic is likely to perceive the 135 to 165 price tag as premium, but worth it for something that feels unique. One caution, Sugar Baby is a new name, so it

04:31:47
doesn't yet have the brand recognition of a stood or the hype of sporty and rich. That means the product itself and its presentation must earn the price on its own merit. High-Touch details like beautiful lookbooks inclusive yet aspirational imagery. Maybe small perks like a nice packaging or a little freebie with purchase can help convince firsttime buyers that you get what you pay for. If Sugar Baby can deliver an excellent garment that fans rave about, the price will feel validated in hindsight,

04:32:17
building trust for repeat purchases. Overall, a $150 price for a stylish tennis set or dress is not unusual. In fact, it's right around where we see a quality gap between cheaper fast fashion active wear and the more boutique brands. Sugar Baby is aiming to sit on the upper side of that gap. And it's made in USA quality and quirky nostalgic style are exactly the kind of differentiators that savvy young consumers will pay a premium for. Ensure that your website incentives align with this price. For instance,

04:32:51
offering free shipping at orders over, say, $150 or $175 can gently encourage shoppers to hit that mark. Sugar Baby could also consider small add-ons like headbands, socks, etc. that complement the outfit. I've thought of this before and I've looked into it for Pathos, like doing a like socks, like doing cool light blue socks that complemented the pants that went really well with black shoes. Like I I was like, man, it would be sick if I could do some like cool socks. And I figured like it would be cheap. And it

04:33:24
is cheap per sock or per pair of socks, but the minimum order quantity on socks in China, which is the only place I looked. I haven't looked for USA sock manufacturer. Uh but when I looked in China, the minimum order quantity, I think, was 50,000 pairs of socks. And I was like, what? I was like, "Okay, I'm gonna ask some other manufacturers." It was still like, "Yeah, if you want to do, I don't know, a thousand pairs of socks," which is still like way too many socks for me,

04:33:56
they would have to raise the price. Like, the only way for and and then it was not going to be worth it for me. Like, the only way for it to be economical to do socks is if you're like Nike and you're putting out like hundreds of thousands of pairs of socks every year. Anyway, a customer who buys a $135 dress might toss in a $20 accessory to round out the look and exceed 150 bucks, raising the order value. But fundamentally, by pricing the core product itself near 150 or you're inherently setting the AOV around that

04:34:28
level without needing every customer to buy multiple items. Okay, so that was a lot. But this is really good because I'm now going to say perfect. Now you have context on the entire situation. Let's now build the Shopify products. Do you remember what info we need to add? I told you before. See what it says. Here we go. Yep. Shopify needs just four core fields to create each product. Product title, description, media, price, and we've zeroed in on around $150. Let me know the exact figure. Once we lock in the

04:35:16
price and confirm launch colorways/variance, I can deliver the finished title and description block for the skater dress. I will say the skater dress will only come in one color, pink. Let's just call it skater dress. I like the simplicity. The dress will come in sizes extra small, small, medium, large, extra large, double XXL. The prices 140 bucks. Let's start there. All right. Nice skater dress 140 bucks. Key benefits story inspiration details fit advice care SEO metad description alt text suggestions

04:36:07
okay let's run that title skate dress description let's put the story slash inspiration at the top and I want to edit this first of all see this m dash get that [ __ ] out of here. A love letter to retro center court glam. New sentence. Think Y2K crush meets modern pickup game. Sugar baby distilled the play hard look sweet promise into one hero silhouette that aces brunch rallies in rooftop after hours without an after change. Let's change this up. I'm going to say let me cut this play hard look sweet.

04:36:52
We'll put that somewhere else. dress aces brunch rallies and rooftop after hours without an outfit change at the top. We'll put this take out the quotes. Play hard looks sweet space exclamation mark. That's kind of on brand. All right, this is looking way better and way less like if freaking AI wrote it, which you know is kind of what happened. but we just added like a little bit of a human element. Okay, below that we want to put the key benefits. And maybe we'll spice this up and make this a heading four. And then

04:37:38
below that we'll put the details. We'll make this heading for as well so it matches. Maybe we'll do italics and it will be details. We'll put an exclamation mark. Fabric perforated neoprene breathable yet contouring. Okay, this looks pretty good. Then we need to add the fit advice. So we'll make that heading for as well. We'll do lowercase italics exclamation mark at the end. True to size model 57. I think for the midJourney prompts we said 5'8. I'll just keep it consistent.

04:38:23
Wear size small for body skimming fit. And then we need Oh, we need the care instructions. There we go. Care. Sheen wash cold. Gentle. Hang dry. No bleach. No iron on zip. All right, that's looking pretty good. We have our little story. We have our benefits. We have the details which are different from the benefits. Benefits and details are not the same thing. And now we upload the media. So this is the media we're going to be uploading. I need to format these properly in Figma and then download them

04:39:03
and then upload them to Shopify. So, here's my design file, which is, if you're unfamiliar with Figma, it's a little bit different than a whiteboard or Fig Jam. This will let me actually set up the exact frame size that I need. Shopify product pages need a 2048 by 2048 square. You can go bigger than that and you can do portrait as well, but my theme for whatever reason doesn't work well with portrait and won't let you scroll on mobile through the product images at the top of the product page,

04:39:40
which is like a huge annoying problem. But for mobile, square looks best. You can fit more on the screen. The pixel quality of 2048 by 2048 is really high. So, you're not going to like you're not going to upload a blurry image. It'll be solid pixel quality and it will load fast. So, we're going to stick to 2048 x 2048 square for our product page images. So, I just dragged all those images that were in the whiteboard into this design file. And now I'm going to resize them for this square. Starting with the main

04:40:22
product image. So, let's get that sized properly. Hit it into the square. Crop the sides. And then I like these shadows, but I want the square to be the same photo as the background from the AI generated image. So, we could just kind of match the background that way. Or we could just completely remove the background from the AI mockup. And now it's really consistent, but those shadows don't really exist anymore. This is fine. I actually kind of like how this looks. So, let's export

04:40:55
that. I created a new folder called Sugar Baby product images. And we'll save this as front flatway. I just saved it as a P. I usually save my product images as JPEGs. I would recommend that you save them as JPEGs. For the rest of these, I'll save them as JPEGs. Okay, back to this product info page. Let's add the media. Pressing this upload new button. Upload the front flatlight image. Okay, there it is. That looks pretty good. Next, we'll add this hero image. I'm going to speed through this process and just

04:41:34
speed it up in post-prouction. I'm now going to group export the rest of them as JPEGs, add them to the Sugar Baby product images folder, and then we can add all of them to this Shopify back end. So, we have one 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Boom. Last couple are uploading and we're done with those. That was fast. So that's all the media. The price we're going to put as 140. All of the SEO meta information was added dynamically and automatically based on the copy or the text that we put in the

04:42:20
description. Okay, this product is done for now. I'm going to press save and move on to the ribbed dress. Okay. So, I'm going to add the ribbed tank dress PDF that we made in an earlier video. And I'm going to say here is the next product. Let's call it tank dress. The price is 135 and the product only comes in one color. Let's proceed with filling out the Shopify product information. Here we go. Tank dress 135 bucks. Key benefits story/inspiration details fit advice care SEO

04:43:10
metadescription at the end. But this I guarantee will fill automatically cuz Shopify has its own AI that will do that. All right, let's start filling the info out. Tank dress description dreamt up for dawn court sessions that spill into rooftop drinks. This powder blue number channels early 2000s tennis chic body skimming flirtatious and effortlessly photogenic. Sugar babies play hard look sweet mantra stitched into every rib. Okay, I like that as its own idea. Let's separate that. dreamt up

04:43:48
for dawn court sessions that spill into rooftop drinks. Okay, I like that. So far, this powder blue number channels early 2000s tennis chic. That should be a period. Separate it. And let's change this from this powder blue number to tank dress. Just copy the keyword powder blue tank dress. Channel's early 2000s tend to chic. It's body skimming, flirtatious, and effortlessly photogenic. Sugar babies play hard, look sweet mantra stitched into every rib. Nice. Now, we need to upload the media.

04:44:28
I'm going to speed through this again. All right, those are all uploading. Now, that took me a second. But here is the media. While that's uploading, we could set the price at 135. And then there's actually more of this description we need to fill out. Oops. We need to add the benefits. So those go there. No m dashes to put the details. We will add the fit advice. We're going to make these heading four. I forgot. This is heading four. This is heading four as well. And then the care information to put that in.

04:45:15
Make it heading four and italics. And that is it for the tank dress. We'll press save. And now we have one more product we need to do. All right. So, let's go back to our chat. I'm going to add another PDF with context and say, great. Let's move on to the final product. The And then here I just copied and pasted the info from the document about the zip polo crop. And let's see what the copyrightiting assistant comes up with. Okay. To finish the Shopify listing for the zip polo crop and a-ine

04:46:00
minikrt coord, we need two quick detail details. the launch price for the full two-piece set. So, I'll say that's 150 for the two-piece set and black with blue and top stitching is the only available colorway. Okay. All right. Zip, polo, crop, and skirt 150 bucks. key benefits store and inspiration details and fit advice and care. Let's load this into the Shopify. All right, that's it for the details. Now, let's add the media. I'll speed through this section, too. All right, these are done and exporting.

04:46:50
Now, let's import them into Shopify. Okay, they're all uploading. Let's double check the pricing. This is 150 for the set. All right, those are all in there. Pricing looks good. Let's press save. Oh, we forgot to name it the polo crop and skirt. Okay, save. All right. Now, if we come back to our Shopify template that we need to fill out, we could see that the products are here, but we need to adjust the order of the products. So, let's do that really quick. Whatever product is directly

04:47:28
after the hero image is what's going to show up on hover. So, let's keep it pretty consistent and have this front model shot as the second image. And we'll save. Then, we'll do the same for the tank dress. See how this is the second image directly after? We actually want that to be later in the set. We actually want those macro shots to be last and then we'll put the hero on model image second. Press save. And we'll do that for the zip polo as well. Let's put these macro shots

04:48:06
towards the back. And then we'll have this hero image as the second image. Press save. Now let's refresh this page for our template. And now if we scroll down, we should see the images display the proper on model images when we hover. So far, this looks pretty good. These are sized pretty proportionately. I'd say this image of the tank dress could maybe be a little bit bigger, but it's really not the end of the world. Let's actually put three products per row cuz then now we

04:48:46
could see all three. And look how consistent that is. Let's just pretend this is the same model. And we have the skater dress, the tank dress, and the zip polo cropin skirt all right here. And when you hover over them, you see the model wearing the dress. So that so far looks really good. I didn't make any AI generated video, especially not horizontal video for this video today. I figured this video was already going to be really long. So just for the sake of time, I'm going to remove the video

04:49:17
section. And now I'm just going to hover on the navigation and the hero display at the top of the homepage. So let's edit this. It says, "Welcome to Sugar Baby. Free shipping in the US." Let's change this to free shipping on orders over $150, which incentivizes people to either get the most expensive piece or buy multiple of the less expensive pieces. Keep the speed at 300. I like that. I like the little candy emoji. Let's press save. Now, we'll have this hero banner text match the

04:49:54
announcement bar just for consistency. So, let's change this really quick. We'll say, "Welcome to Sugar Baby. Free shipping on orders over 150 bucks." I don't like how the emoji looks on the banner. And then we need to add a hero image. I think this image will look great as a hero image on the Shopify site. Let's go back to the design file and get our header size. The ideal homepage header image size is 1,200 by 800. Now, I'll grab this image, paste it here. Okay, I think there's actually

04:50:36
an opportunity to put two images in the hero banner. Let's use this one. copy it into this frame. Or maybe honestly, this could be the whole hero image or hero banner. And then we'll repurpose this image later. I like that idea. So this could be the first thing that you see when you enter the screen. Good vibes and friends hanging out. I'll export that frame and then add it here as an image. All right. So far we have welcome to Sugar Baby. Free shipping on orders over $150. Looks pretty clean so

04:51:12
far. When you hover over these product images, you see the on model shots. Next, here in the template, I have a slide. Oh, this is filled with some Pathos images. Let me just take these out really quick. All right. And now we can add hero images to the slide. We'll keep the same size. And then we can use this image here. Maybe we could even add some text. So, let's say maybe we can add like a featured in section and we want to make sure we're using the typography from our design system. And then let's just get a bunch

04:51:51
of SVG logos for publications. I'm not going to like actually publish this website. So, I'm fine with adding like fake publication, but I would never do that for a real brand. If you're watching this and you're thinking of doing this for a real brand, do not put the logos of major publications on your website if you do not actually not have any published work with them or any kind of feature or deal. Let's grab a screenshot of the Hype Bay logo. We can remove the background, make a

04:52:24
little bit smaller, and then we'll center it. This is 64. We'll note that in the future. So if we do any headlines using Helvetica New for the homepage, we want to stick to 64 as the size of the font. That way we don't have inconsistent font sizes. Okay, there we go. So now this says featured in hype bay with this big hero image. Then if we slide, we can add another one. Let's use this image here. Add it to this slide. Can make this one pretty full screen like that. Love that. And we can write designs

04:53:11
and manufactured. Oops. In Los Angeles. We're going to keep that 64. Let's have it stay in line with the other slide because when it scrolls, we want it to look cohesive. You know, maybe we could put this as the last slide, so it tells a little bit of a story. This looks like it was shot in the morning. Then some of the other shots look like they happened more in the afternoon. And then this looks more in the evening. So maybe we use this image here. We use that. This image doesn't even really need any text. So

04:53:53
that would be the second hero image in the slides. And then let's change this text so it's a little easier to read. Let's make the fill white. Let's add stroke. Black stroke. And then we'll just increase the thickness a little bit. I'm not the best graphic designer, but just so you get an idea of where my brain is going with this. Now, it kind of tells a little bit of a story from morning to afternoon to night. and we'll use these as the three hero images in the slides. Okay, here's

04:54:32
the second hero image uploaded. It looks pretty good. And now let's scroll over to the third image and then add this made in LA hero image. So looks pretty good. We'll press save. So now after the product images here, when you scroll down, you see a hero image, a featured in a publication, another hero image with a little bit of art direction, and then an art directed shot highlighting that it's designed and manufactured in Los Angeles. Then the bottom here, image with text. Let's use

04:55:12
the customer persona snapshot image. All right. So now we have that model image here. And then let's just add some text. This is a great opportunity to use that custom GPT. Again, I need copy for hero image call outs that will be sprinkled across the homepage. See what it comes up with. All right. Here. This looks good. Play hard looks sweet. Made in LA. Built a twirl. Zip twirl serve. Match point pastels. I like that. Start this. Play hard looks sweet. Can make that the heading here. Play hard looks sweet. Your instant court to

04:56:01
club uniform. We could add more to that. Made in LA. Built tutorial. Small bass sweat shop. Free sugar high vibes. Let's add an American flag emoji here. Nice. Okay. Okay, making some progress here. All right, I just realized something. The typography on this website is still the same as my Pathos of Things website. So, we need to change it. Here we see the headings are set to Helvetical Bold, but in our document, we said here that the headlines were going to be enter and the body text is Helvetica new. So, let's change that

04:56:42
really quick. Headings, enter, select, and then body text. Okay, nice. Typography is set on the website. We have our hero image, our products, our feature, and then some lifestyle imagery. That's a nice basic homepage. Let's check how it looks on mobile. So for the featured collection, let's set this to products per row on mobile one. And now on mobile, we're going to have this really nice full size imagery. We can scroll through this little slideshow here with the featured art directed content. We actually need to

04:57:37
remove the extra two slides. So on the left here, I'll just mute these for now or hide them. So now we just have three slides in the slideshow. Looks very clean. I don't love this graphic design, but I'm not going to spend too much time on this. It's not a graphic design course. I just mocked that up really quickly in Figma, but I'd probably hire a professional graphic designer to do all of the text on image. Okay. Then we have the image with text and then footer section. It's going to

04:58:12
say 2025 pathos of things because it's using my current brands URL and I'm just doing this like in the back end. So that way I don't have to create a new Shopify account. This isn't going to like go live or anything. It's just all for practice. Now we need to do the product pages like the individual product pages. Okay, nice. So, quick scroll again through the desktop view and then now over on the mobile view. This looks really good. It's perfectly optimized for mobile. So, above the fold, before

04:58:51
you even have to scroll, you see this product with the price. You see info about the free shipping. You see this hero image that immediately sets the tone. And then it's just really a really easy and fluid customer experience. All right. Now, when I click into the individual product page, this is what I see. Very simple, very clean landing page. We have the product imagery on the left, the product details and benefits on the right. When we go to mobile, it looks super clean. You'll be able to swipe through

04:59:29
this with your finger on your phone, see all the product imagery, then the name of the product, the price. We have this paying for interest free installments with Shop Pay because we're using Shopify. Story and benefits at the top, details below, fit advice below that, and then basic care information. I think two things will make this product page way better. That's some lifestyle imagery and some user generated content to order views. Let's put in the lifestyle imagery first. So, I just have this slideshow

05:00:06
here. Very similar to the homepage. You can see the slideshow in the sections tab. Now, let's fill these images with some lifestyle imagery from our AI photo shoot. There's one. There's two. Here's three. Let's add a fourth slide. One, two, three, four. Let's add a fifth slide. You can reuse this photo from the homepage. Nice. And now we have a solid slideshow here of some lifestyle imagery, but it's still art directed and it still looks really good on this e-commerce setup.

05:00:58
And then I want to add a another section below that for the UGC style and reviews. For this, we'll just do an image split section. And we'll add in some images like this one that says game day and these other three that we mocked up in the AI photo shoot. So, I'll import those in now. iPhone style. Then, let's add another image. Another iPhone mirror selfie kind of thing. And we'll add another image. Let's do this one. And then one more image. We could do this one. Sugar baby drop just landed. Okay. So,

05:01:56
now the first half is looking a little edgy, sporty, and I think it has to do with the colors. I think the gray background and the black header and announcement bar are not quite the vibe. So, I kind of want to mess around with that a little bit. Let's go to colors. I'm going to add a scheme. For the background, we'll just keep it totally white. I think that looks a little bit better. We'll set the footer to the new color scheme as well. Let's change the accent to the pink color from our visual identity

05:02:49
in the map. I have that here in our Sugar Baby design file. So that's FC8 FC4. Back to Shopify. Make that the accent color. And also grab that blue hex code. Let's make the announcement bar pink. Actually, I kind of like the heading pink. Let's change the announcement bar back to white. Let's move this text to Oops. Let's move the text from the hero image. I just moved the text from the hero image down further so it's not covering the faces of the models. I think these product images could be

05:03:41
spiced up a little bit instead of just having a white background. So maybe I'll mess around with that for a second. And maybe instead of the header being pink, it's like more of a neutral black or gray, which is not as sporty as before. So maybe we could something like that. Maybe a little lighter. Don't love that. Let's try a little darker. Okay. Okay. And then maybe at the top we make the background here pink. Or maybe we do the light blue. I think that'll actually look probably better

05:04:24
against this gray. Okay. I actually kind of like that with the blue against the gray. And then we have the blue sky. And then the products. I think these can have some nice art directed backgrounds. Let's mess around with that actually for a second. And then I'm going to change this blue text because it's pretty hard to read. I kind of like this idea from before where we had like a macro detail shot as the background, but I have a completely different idea actually. I think this needs more color or the

05:05:03
website needs some more color. The catalog doesn't necessarily need more color. Well, let's copy this frame. Then I'm going to head over to our trusty pal Tachi BT and I'm going to say generate a generate an image of a blue sky with wispy clouds. Think desktop wallpaper or iPhone wallpaper. Simple, minimal, clean, beautiful nature photography. Photography. And let's just see where it goes with that. Just a very basic prompt, but I don't want to spend too much time on this.

05:06:01
Okay. thought for 25 seconds. Now it's starting to generate the image. Okay, this is kind of nice. I like where it's going. But now I don't really want wispy clouds anymore. I want big fluffy clouds. Change the wispy clouds to big fluff fluffy clouds. See what it comes up with. Okay, nice. That looks pretty cool. Generate three variations. Just have some different ones to play around with. Okay, here's the next one. I just said continue cuz I asked for three and only give me one.

05:06:48
But I'll save these. And we can start playing around with this idea. So here I'll drag this image of clouds in. I'll stretch it out. And now it's filling the full square. And then a little trick I like to do to make the image pop a little bit more is I put a black square in between the background image and the product shot. And then I bring the opacity like way down. So that way it still looks it really highlights the product. See like the more I turn this up, the more the product is showcased. So

05:07:48
there's definitely like a sweet spot to keep the integrity of the art direction in the background while still highlighting the product. So I think something around let's just say maybe around 20% is pretty good. So, I like that. Let's export that. And then we can update the media in the products tab in the Shopify back end. And then here's that updated product photo. We'll add it here. It's uploading. And then we'll remove the old image. Put this here. Have this be the secondary image. Looks good.

05:08:37
And then we can press save. Now let's update the product images or the the main square product images for the rest of these products as well. Let's grab another one of these cloud wallpapers. I already downloaded this one. It seems it got kind of confused and made three in one. I'm gonna say just give me one variation at a time. Add some more clouds and then it'll think for a sec. We can go back to Figma and import another image of clouds. So, this is turning the clouds into a motif

05:09:29
without just copying and pasting the same cloud image every time. And then we'll add our rectangle that goes in between the product image and the cloud background. And then that's it. We now have our updated Rdirected Flatlight product image. We'll go back to the tank dress and now add that new image. We'll drag it to the front and get rid of this other product image that we were using. Press save. I think we can add even more color to these. So, let's have the secondary image

05:10:14
be one of these with the colored backgrounds. I need to format that in Figma really quick. Okay, I love that. Let's export this. Add that into the back end of Shopify. Cool. Now we have our updated images for the tank dress. Let's do the same for the skater dress. All right, that's that looks good for the pink dress. We'll save this pink background hero added into the back end of Shopify. Okay, now we have all of our product images for the skater dress sorted. Let's see if ChachiBT is done making our

05:11:07
wallpaper. Okay, yep, it is. We'll drag that into this design document. We'll add it to the polo. We'll put it behind the polo. So now it's the background. And then we want to get our dark rectangle with the reduced opacity and then put it in between the garment of the background. We'll add that to the zip polo crop and skirt product media bucket. And while that's loading up, we can edit in this nice pink background image. Okay, that looks really solid. So now we have our hero model image shots. They're

05:12:04
all sized properly. All the models are taking up the exact same space in the square. So maybe it could get a little tighter. There we go. Let's move this to the front. Remove this. Add in our pink background polo hero image. Move that to the front. Okay, now we have all of our images for the zip pro polo crop and skirt. All of those are saved. Let's come back to the website builder. Okay, now there's way more color. So, these are looking pretty good. I like the blue sky. I like this blue here. I don't love the

05:13:00
gunmetal gray. I don't love how the announcement bar is kind of like floating. Or rather, this header is kind of like floating. But otherwise, I mean, it looks pretty good. Let's keep cleaning it up and getting these colors really dialed in. I kind of like the idea of the background being like a cream or off-white kind of matching the vibe of the clouds and it's kind of light and fluffy. We could change this logo from white to black. So, let's do that really quick. Maybe we roll with this for the logo for

05:13:51
now. I like this with the blue background or the blue stroke and black fill with the little candy emoji. Okay, that looks pretty cool actually. It's a little blurry. We should probably fix that with a PDF or an SVG file. But I'm just kind of speeding through this now. Okay, I think this looks way better now. So far, the headers and announcement bar are now in this nice kind of off-white cloudy color. We have art directed backgrounds for the product images. We have a lifestyle imagery in a

05:14:44
slideshow. Another lifestyle image, some info about the brand, and then our footer. We finished the product page for this skater dress. There are more things we can add to this like a review bar or a social media import, but I think for the rough draft of the this product page is pretty much done. I guess the only other thing that is really really important to add to this is a size chart, but I don't have size charts for these garments cuz we're it's just like a fake brand. But adding a size chart in the

05:15:28
fit advice section is super important and very key. It's going to reduce the amount of returns and it's going to actually increase your conversion rate. The more info you can give the customer to make them feel secure in their purchase, the better. And then you make sure they actually get their right size cuz they picked the right size. The main cause of returns that is a huge problem for every brand pretty much like the biggest problem with returns is customers not ordering the right size.

05:15:58
Let's check out our other products. So we can go up here to shop. Press shop. Here we see all three products in the drop. For products per row we can set this to three. Products per row on mobile is one. So when you press the shot button, it just on mobile it just takes you here. And on desktop it looks like this. So I think that's really clean. This is looking way better. Way better. When you hover over these images on desktop, it looks really good. You see the model hero shots with the art with the simple color

05:16:33
backgrounds, natural shadows, soft lighting. Then when we go to the mobile view, it looks like this. Same kind of vibe. Very clean. Let's now click into the tank dress product page. So the here the product imagery should be all fixed now. If I scroll through it. So far so good. Everything's looking super clean. Remember all of these images were added to the media bucket in the back end of Shopify, which is here. It's not in the website customizer or template builder. When you're setting the media for your

05:17:13
products, you do that. And in the products tab in the Shopify back end, as we scroll through, we see the auto slideshow of the lifestyle imagery and then our UGC content. So nice. This page is done. Let's go back to our shop page. Scroll down to the zip polo. As you can see, we have our scrolling photography. Looks really good, price, details, some lifestyle imagery in this auto slideshow, then UGC content. So, our three products are now done. Now, let's do a full walkthrough of the website in preview mode. The URL is

05:18:05
going to say pathosclow.com. That's my brand. That's again I'm using my Shopify account. This is in draft. Nobody is going to see this live. Right now we are running the sugar baby test build. Yes, as you could see here it is in draft. I'm going to hide this bar for now. And then this is going to be a full run through as if I was a customer. So I'm testing the customer experience. At the very top we see the announcement bar. We see the brand logo, shop about, make a return in

05:18:39
our cart. As we scroll down, we see hero images of models hanging out, laughing, having a good time together, showcasing the products. Hero call out. Welcome to Sugar Baby. Free shipping on orders over $150. Below that, we have our three products in the drop with our art directed backgrounds and our and our high quality flatlay images. Below that is a hero image with a featured in section. I just made this up. Don't quote me on this. This is not a real brand. It was not actually featured in Hype Bay. But getting

05:19:16
featured in a brand like Hype Bay would be really awesome for a brand like Sugar Baby if it was a real brand. Next, I have another product image. kind of like a little hero image of a girl with a tennis racket as an accessory on a tennis court wearing one of the garments with a little more info about the brand the brand motto your instant court to club uniform made in LA built to twirl small batch sweat shop free sugar high vibes also you'll notice when I highlight over this the highlight is pink because that's what I

05:19:52
set in the color section of the theme settings. If we click on these products, it will take us to our product pages. Really clean name of product, price, interest free installments, buy box. Hover over the buy button. Hover over the buy button and it showcases the brand highlight color, tagline, benefits, details, fit advice, and care. Again, it's important to put a size chart in the fit advice section. As we scroll down, we see all of the C all of the catalog imagery and macro shots for the products. Then we have a

05:20:39
lifestyle imagery auto carousel and some user generated content. If we switch to mobile view by reducing the size of the window, the product imagery still looks really good. The buy button is above the fold, which is perfect. The macro shots are really high quality. The 2048x 2048 square pixel density is really solid on mobile. Then the description here, the full screen mobile slideshow which looks really good. And then user generated content. If we go to the shop page, we can see all three of the products here in just

05:21:28
this one nice collection page. We'll move on to the ribbed knit tank dress. Same setup as the pink skater dress. Same shot list. Looks very clean. Colors are cohesive. We have this cloud motif in the flatlay image, but it's not the same exact cloud image as the background for the other product. So, it's a consistent motif without copying and pasting. As we scroll down, we get these nice hero images. from the lifestyle content shoot and then user generated content. Let's switch and check it on mobile.

05:22:11
Product images look really good. Pencil pixel density is high. Buy button is above the fold. Price and name of product are above the fold. Benefits description fit advice care full screen on mobile. high high quality lifestyle imagery in a slideshow that you can scroll through with your finger and then user generated content. That's the second product. Now let's confirm the third product. So we're back on the collections page. We hover over this polo set and now we have the same exact

05:22:52
layout. We have our hero image with the pink background. We have our flatlight photography with the cloud motif. We have our catalog images below that story, benefits, details, fit, advice, and care on the right side. Beautiful macro shots, beautiful lifestyle imagery, and then userenerated content. Switch to mobile mode. Pixel density looks good. Images are high quality. Macro shots look great. Buy button above the fold. Name and price above the fold. Story, benefits, details, fit, advice, care, full screen, lifestyle, image,

05:23:38
slideshow, user generated content. So, that's pretty much it for this video. It was a long one. We covered a lot of topics. The next step, if I was running this as a real brand, is to do a full CRO audit or a conversion rate optimization audit. So that's where I work with an AI tool or I can hire a consultant, but I will probably just use an AI tool to go through each of these sections step by step. Go over the load time of the website, audit the full user experience, add certain plugins, upsells, different buy

05:24:20
boxes, like we could really customize the website to really juice the conversions. If you found this video helpful at all, please like, subscribe, hit the bell notification button. It helps me out so much. If you want to connect with me directly, join the school community. Link is in the description. You also get a free course and a bunch of other really awesome content. And the people in there are super supportive. So, it's just a great place to go if you're a brand owner or a creative director. AI

05:24:50
tools and notion templates are available in my pro group. If there's a topic you'd like me to cover in a future video, please leave a comment and I will see you in the next one. What's good everybody? Welcome back to another video. In today's video, we are going to juice up the Shopify store that we worked on in the last video. At the end of the last video, I mentioned something called CRO or conversion rate optimization. If you are new to setting up an e-commerce store or running a

05:25:20
fashion brand, you probably have never heard of that before. Essentially, all that means is optimizing the website through aesthetic and plugins and buttons and text to increase the chance that someone trusts the brand and makes a purchase. It's currently Saturday and over the last couple days I've been working on this and I think it's come a long way. We're moving along with this fake brand concept called Sugar Baby. I made one pretty big change here. This is no longer called the skater dress. This

05:25:54
is now called the sporty dress. I think it's more on brand. There's nothing skater or skate culture about this brand. So, I think calling something the skater dress would be doing that almost ironically, and I didn't think that was the vibe. So, I changed this to the sporty dress. I removed the featured in hype bay banner. Just didn't look right. Wasn't formatted properly. Now I have these nice even squares here. These are actually portraits. So I have these squares here with the sugar baby motto.

05:26:30
Play hard look sweet. Some lifestyle imagery. Then we have a vertical video here on the left that auto plays. I'm in the editor so it's not going to autoplay all the time. And then a and then a catalog image for that product on the right. This vertical video you see here on the left side is from a prototype or an earlier version of this product before we change the fabric to scuba and before we change the neckline to polo and the lining to a light blue color. But I figured just for the sake of this

05:27:09
demo, I would throw it in here because I want to make it clear that I would put a vertical video here, especially for the demographic and the style of garment. Having a vertical video here is super fire and it's going to really connect with Gen Z because they're used to that scrolling experience. So, when we go to uh mobile and we're scrolling and then we see this nice portrait sized vertical video as if you're scrolling on reals or Tik Tok. It's not quite 9 by6, but it looks better this way. So, if you were

05:27:41
on your phone, you could see you could see the video and the catalog photo right underneath it within the fold. And below that, we have some customer reviews with I just came up with some generic names and I put in our UGC style content that we mocked up a couple videos ago. So, the cutest sporty set ever. I love it and so do my girlfriends by Sarah Amanda. So cute. OMG GG by Jenny Jenny. I wear the sporty dress to tennis and brunch. So Perf by Alexis Rebecca. Then I also made some changes to the product pages.

05:28:17
So they look like this. Now I have the tagline and the benefits here at the top and then a size chart directly underneath that. And I added these collapsible tabs for fit advice, product details, care instructions, shipping and returns. So I think it's really important to have all this information on the website. Again, fit advice, product details, care instructions, shipping and returns, all of that underneath the size chart. And the size chart is underneath the benefits headline and sub headline. So, play hard

05:28:59
looks sweet is the headline. Sub headline is a love letter to retro center court glam. Think Y2K crush meets modern pickup game. This dress aces brunch, rallies, and rooftop after hours without an outfit change. So now this is way more professional than before. Below that, we have some nice lifestyle imagery in a slideshow. Then we have our UGC content. I think we can actually add now the reviews from the homepage and add them to the product page. So, we add scrolling text and then we add text columns with images. Let's go back to

05:29:41
the product page template. Scroll down. Then we'll put in here's the image split. So before the image split we will add scrolling text and it will say customer reviews mobile font scale one desktop font scale one. See how that looks. Mobile font scale one looks good. Let's go back to desktop. I think it needs to be bigger on desktop. Let's turn this up to two. See how that looks. Yeah, that looks better. Okay, so now we have our customer reviews section and let's turn this into something else.

05:30:29
So I'm going to hide this for now. Let's add a section text column with images. There we go. This is what we want. Then we'll put in our customer review photos just like on the homepage. So that's one. Here's two. And then here's three. We'll change the text to our customer reviews from the homepage. So there's Sarah, Amanda, here's Jenny. Jenny, and Alexis, Rebecca. Nice. Now we have our customer reviews on the product page. And we can actually put these above the lifestyle images

05:31:19
underneath. Let's put it actually underneath the main buy box and product images. So now we have the top of the page. Sporty dress price pay in 4 interest fee installments headline sub headline benefits size chart fit advice product details care instructions shipping and returns all product catalog images on the left customer reviews scrolling banner UGC style images with the testimonial text for the reviews, then lifestyle images in a slideshow, and that is it for our product page. We'll press save. I've taken this

05:32:16
website now pretty far. It's optimized for mobile. It has really nice product imagery. It has great product copy, size charts, all of the necessary information for the product to establish trust with the customer, customer reviews, and then lifestyle content. Very solid. However, I want to make sure I do not leave any loose ends. So what I actually did for my own website, Pathos of Things, which looks like this, is I did a full audit with a customtrained ChachiPT that would scanned my website with me. I

05:33:04
fed it all the information about my website, about my products, about the way it's set up, about the sections, about my layout, about all of the copy I used. I don't know if I said that already, but all the text on this that you see on the screen as well as my about page and all the product pages. I did that full audit here in this actual exact chat. So, I have this chat. I'm going to read it with you. I'm going to show you what I did. And then I created a new custom project with a really baller system prompt

05:33:37
that's an XML format. So, we can do a full audit, like a full conversion rate optimization or CRO audit on the Sugar Baby website that I've been building. But before I just jump head first into that and a bunch of people have no context or get lost really quickly, I think it's really important that I show you what I did before for a real brand and not just an AI brand. This is my brand path of things. None of the image you see here or that I showed you on my website are AI generated. These are all

05:34:12
real images with real models. So like and subscribe for that. It helps me out so much. Hit the bell icon so you get a notification every time I upload. All right, here's the chat. First and foremost, 03 is activated. Most people use 40 thinking that, oh, the number's bigger. That's the smarter one. That's not the case, unfortunately. I don't know what they're doing with their naming. I know there they the people at OpenAI make memes about it. They're aware that the names are super awkward

05:34:42
and confusing, but all you need to know is that 03 currently as of July 26th, 2025 is the most powerful open AI model. I sent chat GPT03 a bunch of images from my website. that I just took screenshots of the product pages with the official product images for my catalog as well as the all products shop now page, product details, including a size chart, and my care instructions and shipping and returns policy. What do you know? That's exactly what we put together on this Sugar Baby product page. So yeah, all I did was copy and

05:35:27
paste all of the info or take screenshots of all the info on the product page for my website and I put it into Chad TBT and I said this. I have a three product capsule coming out in 3 weeks for Pathos of Things. ChachiBT has some knowledge in its memory base already. So, it knows that I am Chris and it knows that Pathos of Things is my red. I went on to say, "Let's focus on optimizing my Shopify website for conversion rate for the upcoming drop. I need you to create a comprehensive checklist that I can follow to make sure

05:36:09
I have everything that I need set up on my Shopify store before the release so I'm completely prepared. I already have a comprehensive Shopify setup with an updated website, updated copy, and updated product info. I also have beautiful imagery, photos, and videos from a professional content shoot. I want you to have as much context as possible so that way you can best assist me with various queries moving forward. You should ask me clarifying questions in order for you to get the full picture

05:36:37
before making any assumptions about my position. Then once enough context is established and I have the checklist, we'll go through the checklist together one by one. Chat GPT updated this to its saved memory and gave me the breakdown starting with the situation analysis. It identified that I already have the strong visual assets, polished product copy, updated Shopify backend, and I want organic sellout with no paid ads. It broke down conversion rate by first principles. So this is good. I like to

05:37:12
do systems thinking, first principles thinking where you break down a really complex concept into a bunch of different components so you can see the full picture. Conversion rate is a function of trust, clarity, desire, and ease. The site must feel credible and premium instantly. No confusion or friction in navigating sizing or checkout. The product must feel exclusive, desirable, and urgent. An instant purchasability on both desktop and mobile is a must, making it extremely easy for people to buy

05:37:49
something that they want and have full knowledge about and trust the brand. That's pretty powerful. Next critical variables isolated site speed and mobile performance, add toart checkout, user experience, product page optimization, conversion, trust signals, launch urgency and drop hype, inventory sync and fulfillment, email and SMS flows, post purchase experience. Okay, so it has all the context that it needs. It is fully aware of my situation and then it put together a solution architecture which is just a fancy way

05:38:30
of saying the checklist in order to reach my goal. The checklist includes technical/site health which includes a mobile and desktop speed check, mobile responsiveness test, checkout test, various payment methods tested and cart recovery settings confirmed. So you have emails and or text messages going out to convert people that abandon their cart. Next is product page optimization. All the inventory levels are correct per variant. But if you're fulfilling at home, it's really important to do a

05:39:07
lastm minute check before you launch to make sure that all of the bins have the right inventory quantity and that quantity is accurately reflected in your Shopify store. The last thing you want is to sell 30 hoodies, but you actually only had 25 and then you have to refund five customers and then that's just a huge pain. Next, size guide tested and visible on page. Do not launch without a size guide on your product page. Not only is it going to boost your conversion rate, but it's also going to

05:39:40
reduce the amount of returns that you have. Returns are super annoying. Having the a wrong size guide is also really bad. Don't just take some other brand's size guide and put it on your website just because you need a size guide. The size guide has to be accurate. Next, photos and video optimized for load speed. The easiest way to set this up with Shopify is make sure all of your photos are 2048x 2048 square. That's going to load the best on mobile. It works great on desktop. It looks

05:40:15
beautiful on both desktop and mobile because the pixel density is very solid and the images load fast. So, it looks good and it doesn't slow down your site. Urgency language or FOMO like limited stock. For me, I usually do drops of 50 pieces at a time. So, I let people know that I do small batches and I keep it pretty exclusive. All tab, size and fit, product details, care shipping, test on a mobile. So that's pretty easy to do here uh when you're setting up the website. All you have to do is you can just press these

05:40:52
buttons to switch through desktop view or mobile view. And it's really important that you don't neglect the mobile view because chances are the majority of your customers are going to be shopping on mobile, especially if they come from Instagram or Tik Tok. So, if you have a really really awesome desktop view and it looks great and it's more fun to edit on the desktop view because the images are big and it's awesome, it looks super cool and it's but then you go to mobile and then you

05:41:20
see that everything's formatted all terribly and you didn't spend any time on mobile, you're just doing yourself a disservice because your first impression with the majority of your customers is going to be really terrible. Especially if you are implementing any kind of content strategy and the majority of your traffic comes from social media. If the majority of traffic comes from social media, then the majority of your customers are going to be shopping on mobile. That's just how it is. So you

05:41:45
need to make sure that you are editing in the mobile view constantly to make sure that the experience is as streamlined and clean as possible. Next big category in the checklist, homepage and site navigation. Homepage hero updated to match new drop. Clear call to action. CTA above the fold. Shop page filters. Products are accurate. Header and footer now reviewed. No dead links. Hype launch mechanics is the next big chunk. Coming soon. Countdown or banner activated. Email signups redirected to Clavio or Beehive. That's something

05:42:24
we'll cover in one of the next couple videos where we go into email flows and linking our email marketing provider to our Shopify store. We can worry about hype and launch mechanics in a later video. Next big category, backend/operations inventory synced and locked in with Pietra. So like I said, that's something that I handle with a 3PL. Uh, if you are working with a 3PL, they're going to be communicating with you constantly over email or phone or Zoom. And they'll make sure your inventory is synced and locked

05:42:55
in with you on some kind of meeting before you open up your Shopify site. They'll also walk you through setting up the SKUs and the shipping review and the shipping rules. Petra has a specific return policy, so I just copied and pasted that into my website. And then I added this make a return button. So when someone's on the site and they come up to the navigation and they press this make a return right here and this is in the Sugar Baby demo store as well. Uh there's this big link that

05:43:28
says click here to make a return. And then all of the return and shipping info is here on this page. When someone presses click here to make a return, it then takes them to the pietra page where the customer can put in their order number and their shipping zip code. And then Petra basically walks them through the rest of the process. It's pretty painless. And they handle all the order notification emails as well. Then Chad TBT asked me a bunch of questions about my plan. I answered all of Ch. GBT's

05:44:02
questions like what apps I use for email marketing, if I have a password page, if I'm working with any influencers. Then Chat GBT said, "Perfect. You're in a strong position. You have the full backend and product setup. Inventory live and synced. Clavio reactivation with email flows handled. Organic content strategy as primary traffic source. No SMS or launch countdown yet and P password page is active, but I plan to remove it. So, the reason why I said this is because I needed to get a

05:44:37
new phone number in order to activate SMS marketing. I didn't want to use my main personal cell phone number and I didn't have a business phone number anymore, so I needed to get one. And I told the chat, "Hey, I'm going to get that. We'll come back to it." And then I also said that I wanted to remove the password page, keep the page live, but then keep the products as coming soon. So people could still explore the website and submit and sign up for the email list and then do the

05:45:11
drop that way. So that way the site wasn't locked. At least that was my idea at the time. And then the chat gave me an updated checklist with a bunch of things to do like do a mobile and desktop speed check, mobile responsiveness test, checkout test, shop pay, Apple Pay, GP working, cart recovery setup confirmed, full product page optimization checklist. I needed to make sure the images and videos were optimized for load speed. This was before I converted everything to a 2048x 2048 square. Homepage and siteen nav were all good.

05:45:55
I had to fix a bunch of my hype and launch mechanics. Like I didn't have a countdown or banner activated there, but I was getting traffic to my site, so that was a missed opportunity. Should have had something live that said drop is coming in 25 days or whatever it was. I was capturing emails using Clavio. I had a freelancer setting up my email marketing for me based on my plan just to save time. I was still waiting on them to send me the confirmed full welcome flow and drop email sequence,

05:46:34
but pretty much all my backend and operations were set up. My return policy was clear. My shipping rules were accurate. All my SKs matched Shopify's backend which matched PietR and because all the inventory was synced to Pietra. And then I needed to confirm a few things about the post-purchase flow like if I had an upsell call to action, if the thank you page was optimized and if the email confirmation was clean. I fixed a bunch of those things. I took screenshots of my website performance and I gave an outline of my content

05:47:16
posting plan for Tik Tok and Instagram. Chachi BT saved that to its memory said and said you're almost fully dialed. Let's wrap implementation gaps and sharpen your organic content funnel for max conversion. The screenshot of the loading speed I sent was excellent. The interactivity or inp was 40 milliseconds which is excellent. And the layout shift was fine. I didn't really need to fix it, but I think if I add a lot more products and content to this site, I'll probably need to work on this. Chatbt said, "No need to

05:47:58
touch performance. Your user experience and speed are better than 90% of direct to consumer brands." So that's really awesome. That made me feel really good. Then here are a bunch of things that are fires that I needed to put out. I needed to incorporate a hero call to action button above the fold. I think the text said new drop. I can pull up a screenshot of what I actually sent here. It just said new drop in the middle, which is not a very strong headline. Chat PT said that new drop is too

05:48:36
passive. I need to replace it with a stronger call to action like P2 capsule now live shop before it's gone. I needed to add more FOMO or urgency hooks. At the time I had free same week shipping in the US as the dynamic urgency banner or the scrolling text along the top of the page. It suggested that I cycle copy that induces FOMO, like saying the capsule is selling fast, limited sizes left, and then have my free shipping value proposition after. And it says free same week shipping in the US.

05:49:15
Use a Shopify theme app like announcement bar and countdown timer. That works if you're using something like the Dawn theme or another free theme, but I am using a custom version of the baseline premium theme and the scrolling announcement bar is included in the theme. Product page copy updates. I needed to inject urgency into three spots like only a few pieces left in each size. This item will not be restocked. Or above the cart button, moving fast. Check your size while it's still available.

05:49:49
There are also apps I could implement, but I decided not to go with this. Like a low stock counter app, which will show text on the product page, like only three left in size L. And they might have something that's like uh dynamic and updates with your store. But this was for the beginning of launch, so I had full stock. I wasn't about to be like, I only have two left on like the first day. You know what I mean? unless I was actually selling that many, but I didn't end up selling out on the first

05:50:21
day. So, having a Shopify app with a low stock counter for the beginning of the drop didn't feel very authentic. So, then I'm not going to keep reading this. I could read this whole thing honestly for an hour or two. But basically, I went back and forth with it, checking all these things off the list. As you can see, all of these green check marks here are all of the different things I needed to check off as I completed them. I'm about halfway through and it said I was 85% complete.

05:50:53
I took this whole chat and I fed it into a new chat and we built a system prompt to recreate this workflow or audit or experience for any type of brand regardless of the niche. So you, the viewer at home, can try this for yourself. I'm now going to go through that CRO or conversion rate optimization audit with the SugarBy website. And if you want to try this for yourself, all my AI tools, notion templates, whiteboards, workflows, and more are in the Fashion Brand Vault Pro, which you can see here.

05:51:30
This is the classroom, and we have a really awesome community. It's pretty small and tight right now of just 13 members, but if you're a beginner and you don't want to pay, feel free to join the free fashion brand vault. We're now at almost 700 members, and there are a bunch of free tools and PDFs and whiteboards in here for beginners as well. So, I have my new project here. We have our system prompt in XML format. And I'm going to use this same exact prompt as my starting point. This prompt that

05:52:05
you're looking at here, and if you're just listening and you're not looking at the screen right now, what I'm talking about is the prompt that I initially used to start the chat with chatb3 uh for my pathos of things website. I'm going to use that prompt that started this whole chat as our starting point for our new Sugar Baby audit. So, I'm going to copy and paste that in here. And now I need to edit the text to make it specific to Sugar Baby. So, let's put this is for a hypothetical practice

05:52:37
creative direction brand build in parenthesis. Then I'll say I have a three product capsule coming out in 3 weeks for Sugar Baby. Let's focus on optimizing my Shopify website for conversion rate for the upcoming drop. I need you to create a comprehensive checklist that I could follow to make sure I have everything that I need set up on my Shopify store before the release so I'm completely prepared to have no hiccups and sell out as fast as possible. I already have a comprehensive Shopify setup with an updated website,

05:53:06
updated copy, and updated product info. I also have beautiful imagery, photos, and videos from a professional content shoot. I want you to have as much context as possible so that way you can best assist me with various queries moving forward. You should ask me clarifying questions in order for you to get the full picture before making any assumptions about my position. Then once enough context is established and I have the checklist, we will go through the checklist together one by one. Going to

05:53:31
press send. I switched it to 03 but make sure if you have the plus plan or the pro plan, make sure 03 is enabled. So thought for 11 seconds and then said situation. Sugar baby's three product capsule drops in 3 weeks. Before I draft the full CRO checklist, I need hard data on the key launch variables. Hit me with precise answers, no guesswork. One, exact launch date. Two, current Shopify theme. Three, email tool in use. Four, SMS platform. Five, inventory on hand for each SKU. fire back with the details. Then I'll

05:54:08
drop the full conversion ready checklist. Let's say one exact launch date. Let's say August 29th. So 8:29 25. That's a Friday. We could say Pacific time zone loss Angeles. Two, current Shopify theme baseline. Most recent version three, email to tool and use Clavio. Four, SMS platform Clavio. Five, inventory on hand for each SKU. 50 pieces per SK year. 150 pieces total. And that's it. Let's fire that off and see what it says. All right. Nice. This is very professional. This is about as

05:55:04
professional as you're going to get with a conversion rate optimization agency or specialist. I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of CRO agencies are using really robust system prompts like the one that I created in XML format. And those agencies charge thousands of dollars per month, but you get it for basically free if you sign up for FBV Pro. So yeah, it's time to really level it up. site health task. Verify no index tags removed. Password page disabled. So yeah, we'll we'll disable the password

05:55:46
page. Before we disable the password page, I actually want to show you how that works. So shout out Josh Dankers. Josh, if you're watching this, thanks for watching all these months, man, and commenting in for all your support. It's super simple to set up a password page. When you're in the Shopify editor, all you got to do is click this big click this middle button here. It's usually on homepage by default. And then scroll down to password. And this is the Sugar Baby password page for the brand I've

05:56:18
been building. There's a the logo and an email signup box. I have scrolling text here for the date of the next drop. And then I just have product image photography from the carousel and a scrolling slideshow. Next, we need to check if Shopify payments and PayPal are activated. I'm not going to test the transaction because this is not a real brand, but I did this for my own brand, and I know for a fact Shopify payments are already set up and installed on this test brand website. You can see that here we're right under

05:56:52
the price and the title for the product on the product page. You can see here it says paid for interestf free installments of $35 with shop pay. So that's a native Shopify thing that allows users to pay an installment. Pretty handy. Google Analytics and Metapixel. We are going to set that up when we are in the ads videos. Speed audit. This is easy to do with Shopify. Your Shopify homepage tells you this and it will give you a rating like good or bad or could be better. If you're having issues with your Shopify page speed,

05:57:34
it's probably because your images are not formatted properly. What do I mean by that? Okay, so this is Figma, right? This is where I format all of my images. You can also use Canva, you can use Photoshop, doesn't really matter. But this frame is exactly, as you can see here where my mouse is moving. This frame is exactly 2048x 2048. And all of the images here for the product pages are the same dimensions. So nothing on your website looks wonky or weird. The formatting is always going to be consistent and the site is always

05:58:13
going to load quickly. If you are uploading a frame that's three or four times the size and you don't even realize because you don't understand pixel density and how this works, you're likely uploading images to your Shopify site that are freaking huge that are so big and they take forever to load and they bring the rest of the site down in speed. They kill your site speed. And then also the consistency is off because you might have one image that's super zoomed in or stretched out to fill space

05:58:47
and you might have another image that's like way big and then when you upload it to your website it looks way bigger than the rest of the photos and that's just kind of weird. And even subconsciously for the customer they're going to be like even if they don't realize right away like oh that product image is bigger than the other product images. something subconsciously is just going to look off to them and that's going to kill your conversion rates and make it harder for the customer to trust you.

05:59:12
Okay, next for product pages task variance selector size chart is modal and only x only x left dynamic stock counter. So if we go here we don't have any variance there's just one color and I got to put the sizes in. I'll just do single variant mode. You can do that here in the product pages editor for only X left dynamic stock counter. Remember I said we're not going to do that for the beginning of the drop. We'll maybe add that in later down the line as the drop starts to sell.

05:59:55
Price anchoring MSRP strikethrough or bundle savings note. So, I don't want to do an MSRP striketh through for this, at least not yet, until we're running sales. I don't want people to come to the site for the first time and then be like, "Oh, this is on sale." And then immediately associate the brand with a sale. That's going to dilute the brand value. So, we went through a whole process in another video breaking down how to properly price this. I don't want to mess with that. We just dialed the

06:00:25
pricing in. I don't want to be like, "Oh, this actually isn't 140. It's actually 115 and it's on sale. Like you don't want to just be you don't want to just be running sales right away. Three benefit bullets above fold. Yes, we have that. We have four benefit bullets above fold on mobile and on desktop. So that's awesome. All good there. Lifestyle studio image mix. Yep. So we have UGC and lifestyle and studio image mix. So killing it there. Review widget stub leave review CTA

06:01:05
active pre-launch. So we have our review widgets here. Customer reviews. The only thing I don't have set up here in the demo build is a place where someone can click and place their own review. That's actually really easy to set up with the app end embeds. And I have it set up here because I already have this app. All you got to do is uh download and turn on Judge Me reviews. And then when you are back in these sections, you can add an app section for judge me reviews like a review widget.

06:01:41
And that review widget looks something like this. when you have customers actually submitting real reviews, like I have real reviews on my Pathos site and I use the Judge Me review widget. So, if you're taking notes, again, that app is called judge.me and it allows you to put your reviews directly on your website. Next, homepage and navigation. Hero Banner Plus Single CTA Shop Capsule. Let's check that out by going back to the homepage. Here we go. Welcome to Sugar Baby. Free shipping on orders over

06:02:16
$150. Shop now. That's mobile. Let's check out desktop. Yes, above the fold. Perfect. Announcement bar countdown plus free shipping in the US over $99. I believe we're doing free shipping on orders over $150. But we can add some kind of FOMO or urgency to this. Let's put some kind of countdown. Welcome to Sugar Baby. Next drop in 10 days. Free shipping on orders over 150. Okay, we can make the speed a little bit faster. So now we've added some urgency. We're planning this as if it's pre-drop.

06:03:00
We'll press save. Nav trim to five items max. about size guide and footer only. So the nav is three items max. We have shop about and make a return and then a cart on the four on the on the and then we have a card on the right side. So really it's four items max if you include the cart and we have trust badges here below the footer at the bottom of the page. So that's it for homepage in nav launch mechanics early access list segmented in Clavio. That's something we will talk about in the

06:03:36
email flows video. But we do have our password page set up like I showed you before. Next section of the checklist is backend and operations. Fulfillment locations and shipping profiles are synced. So this is easy to do with Pietra if you're using a 3PL. If you're self-fulfilling at home, you're going to just need to decide when you're going to ship your orders or go to the post office and ship your orders manually. Inventory buffer set to three units per skew. That's not super high impact or

06:04:11
important, but it just relieves some future headaches so you don't oversell. return policy page linked in footer plus inbox QR code label automated. That's a cool little idea. I think that's kind of low impact, but doesn't hurt. Definitely would help. I showed you guys the return page and that policy is also on the product pages. Now, post-purchase upsell offer in Reconvert. That's interesting that it suggested a third-p partyy application. Recon convert is an app that you can add

06:04:46
to your Shopify store that adds a whole bunch of features for the post-purchase upsell. So, it's like if someone buys a hat, you can then be like, "Hey, that hat will go great with this t-shirt. Do you want to buy this t-shirt at a discount?" But Reconvert is a great app. Here it is. The best Shopify upsell app for bigger, better orders. And if you want to see it on the official Shopify store, this is the official page for Reconvert. There is a free plan. I believe I was on the upsell

06:05:18
basic plan when I used it. Email order alerts active for first 50 orders. That's something you set up either with Shopify emails or with Clavio. I use Clavio personally. I recommend that you use this custom GPT and do a conversion rate optimization run or quick audit. It'll take about an hour for your own brand just so you can dial in a bunch of things. and then also get feedback or another perspective from the AI. So you can see what's working, what's strong, what can be cleaned up.

06:05:51
And you'll also really start to develop your eye for website building and building with themes. Like I'm not custom coding this, right? We we're not learning how to become software engineers or web developers. is we're just using basic tools to their fullest to maximize our efficiency and how much money we make with our fashion brands in the least amount of time possible. If you enjoyed this video, please like and subscribe. Hit the bell notification so you know exactly when I post again. If

06:06:21
you want all of my AI tools, prompts, notion templates, online course material, and more, join the Fashion Brand Vault Pro. Link is in the description. If you're more of a beginner and you just want a free starter kit or a free online course, join the Fashion Brand Vault free group. If there's a topic you'd like me to cover in a future video, please leave a comment and I'll see you in the next one. What's good everybody? Welcome back to another video. This is episode 10 in the build a brand series, at least

06:06:49
season 1. This is my first time doing a build a brand series. I'm enjoying it so far. The audience seems to be enjoying it. So maybe I'll just keep rocking with this. So, I'm thinking I might do additional seasons where I build different styles of brand. I have a few ideas off the top of my head, like a skiw wear brand. I think that would be super fun doing some kind of athletic wear or sportsware style brand. I also have refined this system a lot over the last few videos and I'm planning on

06:07:17
using a really streamlined version of everything I've been showing you for my own brand Pathos of Things. And if you don't know, my name is Chris Drago. I am the owner, fashion designer, creative director, marketer. I do pretty much everything. I wear all the hats for this brand, Pathos of Things. It is my pride and joy. It is my passion and I work on it every day and I share my process for putting all of this together and I help other people's brands in the fashion brand vault. Pretty much my whole

06:07:52
process is in here. I have a full resource library, a tight but growing community, and I'm about to launch a fourmonth program so you can launch a designer fashion brand and release a custom product in 4 months or less if you follow my steps every day. That might even be live by the time you watch this video. Link in the description. Today's Sugar Baby Build session is going to be for the social media. This video is not going to be a full rundown or overview of social media strategies in general for fashion brands. This

06:08:27
one's going to be a little bit more tactical. It's going to be based on my experience, what's worked for me and for the brands that I work with. So far for this brand, Sugar Baby, our demographic is primarily Gen Z and we feature a lot of userenerated style vertical content. So, our social strategy is going to be catered around that. We're not going to be using Facebook. We're not going to do YouTube ads or Google ads. My plan is just to focus on Tik Tok and Instagram. If you viewer at home, are just starting

06:09:06
and you're doing like a one piece drop for your first drop or a small capsule, maybe three pieces, five pieces max. Pick one or the other. If you want to open up a Tik Tok shop, just focus on making Tik Tok content and get really good at that. If you are planning on using primarily a Shopify store, focus just on Instagram and go super hard on that. When I was helping Be Lovely scale to 100 grand a month on Tik Tok shop, we were only doing Tik Tok content. We weren't really posting to Instagram at

06:09:41
all and they didn't have a Shopify site until after they had started scaling the business on Tik Tok shop for my brand Pathos of Things. I started making content on Tik Tok and I had a couple videos go kind of viral which really helped the brand in the beginning but I was driving people from Tik Tok to Shopify. So, it would have been better if I was driving people from Tik Tok to Tik Tok shop. So, I switched the strategy up a bit. I decided not to do a Tik Tok shop for Pathos of Things. And I'll tell you

06:10:18
why in a second. So, I started an Instagram page. Here it is. Nothing crazy. Just passed a thousand followers. So, it's on its way. But I have a link in bio to my Shopify store and then if I run any paid ads, it's on Instagram or with meta ads driving traffic directly to my Shopify store. I spent a lot of time on my Shopify store and I don't have a Tik Tok shop, so naturally it's the best use of my time now to start focusing on Instagram. If you are planning on shooting a lot of

06:10:55
content and it looks great and you're also thinking about being the face of the brand and being on camera more, then doing both Tik Tok and Instagram is great. You're going to maximize the surface area or your reach to your target audience and you'll reach them on two platforms. Let's put together a Tik Tok and Instagram strategy for Sugar Baby. We already shot a lot of content. We have an optimized Shopify store. The reason why I think we should do Shopify with Tik Tok and Instagram instead of

06:11:42
opening a Tik Tok shop is because Tik Tok shop has an average order value across all stores of like $20. We are trying to sell sugar baby made in the USA premium price point around $150 average order value. So that naturally doesn't align that well with the nature of Tik Tok shop. But with a custom branded Shopify store, we can still post content on Tik Tok. We can still run ads to Tik Tok content. But the algorithm will start optimizing for people that are willing to pay a more premium price

06:12:32
point and the Tik Tok ads will find those people. But if we're on Tik Tok shop and we're trying to play the Tik Tok shop game by having a ton of discounts and weekly deals, we're likely going to have to lower the prices, dilute the brand value, and make it seem like more of a discount or a value brand. So, I'm not about to just pivot and change all of that for the sake of Tik Tok shop. We're going to keep our Shopify store. We'll keep a Tik Tok content strategy, but all of the transactions will take

06:13:12
place on our custom site. There's one big thing to know when you're walking into creating a Tik Tok strategy, and that is follower count doesn't matter, dude. What actually matters is engagement per post. This includes likes, comments, shares. View count actually matters, but not for vanity metrics. And what I mean by that is not just to look cool or to be popular. View counters so you can identify outliers. What are outliers? Outliers are videos that outperform your average. So, let's

06:14:00
say you average 400 views per Tik Tok video and then all of a sudden one of them gets 2,000 views. I'm not talking viral like it. It's not like one has to get millions of views. If you're in a niche industry like having a very specific fashion brand based on a very specific aesthetic, chances are your clips are not just going to go viral. They don't have that type of mass appeal. But what might happen is you have a video or several videos that outperform the norm. 2,000 views, 4,000

06:14:38
views, 10,000 views, 20,000 views. And then as they keep going, it just continues to get bigger. And then that raises the floor. So now instead of averaging 300 or 400 views per Tik Tok, you are now averaging like 2,000 or 3,000 views per Tik Tok. output. So, the quantity is extremely important on Tik Tok. There are a few ways to juice up the amount of content that you put out. And the goal with juicing up the quantity on Tik Tok is to just test a ton of different things to figure out what works with your audience

06:15:21
and to give the algorithm enough information or data so it knows exactly who to show your videos to. First thing you're going to want to test are hooks. And the easiest way to test hooks is by filming one video about whatever topic of your choosing related to the brand. So let's say unboxing, for example. Then I would film five hooks to test for that one video. That one video then becomes five videos. The next thing you're going to want to focus on and test over time is formats. So, we have hooks and we

06:16:07
have formats. Here are examples of formats. A format is basically just a different style of video focusing on a different aspect of the brand. For example, product ccentric format or we could call this e-commerce style. I believe we also used the term catalog style in an earlier video. These are catalog images for the brand. Next, we have brand lifestyle slash aesthetic content. This includes lookbook photos and videos, editorial style clips, images. These videos work great with trending audio. And then the

06:16:56
last format I'll list here is founderdriven. This could be talking head style content where you talk directly to the camera. But if you use a voice memo or just have vertical clips that you talk over, that works too. There are some really simple and solid hook ideas that I've used for this. that I've seen other fashion designers or brand owners use and that's saying something like I designed these because or here's why I made this. Right? Like it's sharing your story. It's showing your process. It's also

06:17:41
showcasing the product. It's also bringing the viewer directly into your world and it's establishing authority. and people are seeing your face and hearing your voice which is going to rapidly increase the rate at which they become familiar with you and your brand. Well, there actually is one more format that I wanted to cover that I will cover and that's UGC style or usergenerated content. Works for hiring influencers, but it I've also seen it work really well for in-house content creation. This

06:18:21
is where you have candid videos, regular customer speaking to the camera, showcasing the product, and that's it. These tend to sell very well on Tik Tok. Be lovely. a fe uh seeds affiliates on Tik Tok just sends them a bunch of free product and has them create candid iPhone style UGC or user generated content. Because that style works so well on Tik Tok, they hired an in-house content creator, my friend Cece. She exclusively makes candid iPhone style UGC style videos that get posted directly to the

06:19:11
brand's page. So the main content strategy for Be Lovely is posting three times a day and each video is in this userenerated content style. If we go to the Be Lovely Shoe page, Tik Tok page, we could see a lot of their videos are now above the million mark, several above the 2 million mark. And these are all just shot on iPhone at home. Very minimal lighting setup. I don't know if she even used any lighting. I think this is all just natural lighting in front of a window. This video has 10,000 saves

06:19:49
and 72,000 likes. Here's another one. This is outside just she had a little picnic by herself wearing the shoes. Everything shot on iPhone. All natural lighting. I think the total cost of this was however much it cost for the sandwiches and the crackers and however much it cost for her iPhone and her time. But there's zero setup basically. I also want to show you some videos from my Tik Tok page. So, I archived all of my test videos and I just kept up couple of the ones that ended up going like

06:20:31
kind of viral. But this one in particular has 15,000 likes and it's really simple. It's 8 seconds long and it just showcases the products in my backyard of my old crib. some photos of Rico or Rare Fabrics, the model wearing the hat, and then like a just behind the scenes style iPhone shot of him like taking a selfie with the dog at the So, let's just go frame by frame. Here we have a shot of a bunch of the hats just laid out in kind of like a pile on a table at my house. Then me just showing the hat from all angles

06:21:11
with a nice little backdrop. Then we have the catalog style images with the nice lighting. And then we have a BTS style shot. Then we have a BTS style shot of the model uh wearing the hat and then taking a selfie with this puppy. So really simple. 8 seconds. A lot of work went into making this, right? like I had to order the inventory and then I had to lay the hats out like this and then I I had to do a photo shoot and I get a real model and like it just it's a very simple concept. You get a couple

06:21:45
different you do a couple different shoots, you get some images and videos of the products and then you just splice those together into a clip and you post it on TikTok. Let's just come up with some hook ideas so you have a better idea of what writing hooks actually means. So your hook is going to go in the beginning of the video and it's going to hook someone in within the first two to 3 seconds. So let's imagine you're doing a a voice over talking about a garment that you designed. You can open the video with

06:22:19
something like this. I made these pants because I couldn't find any that fit right. Boom. That's one hook. Next hook. The fabric I used to design this shirt wrinkles less, fits better, and ships in two days. Boom. Hook three. This is what it really costs to design and manufacture this jacket. Spoiler, it's not cheap. When you test all these hooks and these formats, eventually you will identify those outliers. And when those outliers are identified, focus on the hooks and formats used in

06:23:06
those and 2x the output. If you have something that's working, if you have a specific hook style that's working or a specific video format that works, make more of that. Focus on what's working and the money will follow. All right, here are some key takeaways for the Tik Tok strategy or the TLDDR version. Basically, output is super important on Tik Tok, especially in the beginning. Quantity over quality. Don't worry so much about the quality. Just focus on putting content out and getting feedback

06:23:40
from people. You will develop your eye over time. The more that you do it, the better you'll get at it and then the faster you'll improve. Don't worry about how your feed looks or how many followers you have like that. The idea that your main page or your main feed is like a portfolio or a landing page doesn't really exist on Tik Tok. That's more of an Instagram thing. People are not coming to your page and then being like, "Oh, they have this many followers." They're not coming to your

06:24:11
page and being like, "Oh, I wonder why they posted that same video with three different hooks today." They're probably not going to your page at all, but you want to show your video in the for you page to as many people as possible. And then maybe they engage with that video. Maybe they don't go to your main feed page, but they keep scrolling and then the next time you post it shows up in their for you page again. And then now they've seen you twice and they've consumed your content

06:24:37
twice scrolling and then maybe a day or two later you post again and it shows up in their for you page again and now you've shown up in this person's for you page three times and then they are really starting to become aware of you. Next key takeaway, showcase the product. You're selling products, right? Like if you're not showcasing the product at all in your video, then don't post it. Showcase the founder if you're confident with that. If you are the founder and you're okay with being on camera or

06:25:04
doing a voice over and being, you know, the face of the brand, that's going to rapidly compress the timeline at which you grow because people will connect with you and trust you much faster that way. People buy from people. And discuss the benefits, not just the features. Talk about how good someone's going to feel when they wear that product you're selling. Not just, oh, it's this type of fabric and it was made in this place. Like those are features, but a benefit is when you wear this shirt, you're

06:25:39
going to be comfortable all day and it doesn't matter if you sweat because we have moisture wicking fabric, whatever, right? like the moisture wicking fabric is the feature, but the benefit is you won't have to worry about sweating all day. I hope that makes sense. For Instagram, this is the strategy that I like to do. I think that on Instagram, the quality is more important than the quantity. And I think a lot of that has to do with the nature of Instagram, your Instagram page being like your portfolio or your resume. Tik

06:26:15
Tok, not so much. Go wild on Tik Tok. Have fun. Test all the different hooks, right? On Instagram, the quality is important. So, how do you increase the quality? Art directed content is step one. High quality product imagery. Beautiful, crisp product shots, no blurry images. Everything's sized proportionately. Storytelling is huge on Instagram. And this leads to more of a community. I feel like people following each other on Instagram creates more of a community of closer people that are consuming each

06:26:56
other's content much more than on Tik Tok where it's way more fleeting. So I I post my catalog on the grid here. I have the most recent drop setup here. I have a drop before that set up here with different models, different lighting, and then I have a drop before that set up here. Years ago at this point when I did when I did this drop with the anime style, but then when I switch over to the reels tab, I have a bunch of different formats here that are not on the main grid. I basically have a

06:27:33
catalog set up on the main grid. From left to right, I have the product images as the first carousel. At the end, we have a little video clip. Then after that, the e-commerce style or catalog style images on model. And then after that, we have some art directed editorial style images on model. And then a little behind the scenes clip. And I follow that format for each of these rows. And then I have some lifestyle videos in the reals tab. some art directed editorial style reels with the catalog and editorial style

06:28:10
images laid over the video. Some more BTS content that I used as teaser content. Uh a nice little voice over. So, this is like founder style content, but it's also incorporating behind the scenes clips. And then it's also incorporating a catalog and editorial style images overlaid and edited into the video. So that's kind of nice. Over on my personal page, there are a couple videos that have been doing well recently that are starting to pick up steam. This is just a talking head style

06:28:44
video where my head is with the microphone and the bottom third and then the upper 2/3 have some kind of video overlay and then captions in the middle. I This worked really well as a test. So now what I think I'm going to do is continue making this style of content and upload a ton of these types of videos, but then upload them all as trial reels. Which leads me to my next point about the Instagram strategy, and that is using trial reels. Right now, I think this is the highest leveraged strategy available. Super underutilized

06:29:27
by people, myself included. I'm just now getting hip to it and I have some videos that are cooking in the trial reels. So, I'll make videos about that in the future reporting my findings and my results. But the way trial reels works on Instagram right now is you post a video and then it doesn't show up on your feed. It only gets shown to new people in the algorithm. So the best way to take advantage of this right now is by following a similar strategy to what we discussed for Tik Tok and that's film

06:30:04
one style of video for example unboxing film five hooks to test. This turns one video into five videos. So you have one main unboxing video and then you just film five hooks like unbox this package with me. Could be hook one or you could tell a story about the brand like how the samples process went. If there are any nightmare situations that happened or you needed to put a fire out, you can tell that story over the unboxing video. You could do like a voice over the unboxing video. So you make five hooks

06:30:48
for that same style of video and you upload all variations of that one video. This gives all five hooks a shot in the algorithm. If all videos flop, that's fine because they don't get posted to your feed or your followers. The few people that did see the post will probably forget about it. So whatever. and it doesn't hurt your reputation or your integrity with your current followers. However, one or multiple of those trial reels might really start cooking and getting thousands of views.

06:31:27
Then that's when you post them to your feed. And then boom, all of a sudden you have a new post. It's going out to your followers, but it already has thousands of views. This is my friend Muli. He's been using trial reels for the last two or three months. and is now up to 26,000 followers. He started putting out a series called the Ugly Duckling Arc and this has 71,000 likes. All of his reels now get tens of thousands of views because he'll post them as trial reels now and he'll

06:32:03
test different hooks. He'll test different editing styles and he'll let them all run for weeks at a time. And then when they do well, you start really growing followers. So I think a few months ago before he started posting trial reels, he was at about 1,200 followers. And now he's at 25.9,000 almost 26,000. He makes fashion style content, clothing sty clothing content, art content, music content. So even though he's not necessarily selling clothes, this strategy can be applied to various

06:32:38
creative industries and can definitely be applied to brands. So to recap, basically we have all this content for Sugar Baby, right? We have unboxing content, we have catalog content, lifestyle content, and lookbook content, user generated content. The next step is just posting all of this content on Tik Tok and Instagram using creative hooks and formats. The content is done. Now, it's really just a matter of distribution. A good way to think about this content and social media strategy is that you're

06:33:17
making content that you then repurpose and package for different platforms. You're not making content for Tik Tok specifically. You're not making content for Instagram specifically. You're just making content. And then the way you package that for Tik Tok is maybe a little bit different than the way you package it for Instagram. But as long as you shoot all of that vertical content and photos and videos, you can then package it up and distribute it in a million different ways. For Pathos of

06:33:49
Things, this is how I organize the social media content. I have all of the highresolution images from the photographer here that I can repurpose at any time. I have all the behindthe-scenes footage from the videographer that I can repurpose at any time for clips or for social content. I have user generated content and photos and videos reviews from photo and video reviews from customers and friends. Process videos showcasing the design process for each of the garments. These are anywhere from seven to 20

06:34:26
minutes long and I just speed them up in cap cut. Here are all my square product images for the website and these can be repurposed and used for social media. And then I have some voiceovers. There are more voiceovers in my dscript folder but there are just four here that I can show you. Here is a vertical video that was used for Instagram specifically for my brand, Pathos of Things. These are the Umbra trousers by Pathos of Things. I was obsessed with Prada's nylon gabarddine pants, but they're $800 and

06:35:03
honestly, that's insane. So, I sourced the same type of nylon fabric, but made them accessible. 100% nylon gabarddine with viscous lining, moves like tech wear, styles like dress pants. Most nylon pants at this price point use sheen quality polyester, this fabric has structure, matte finish, and catches light without looking plastic. Designed in Clo 3D for zero waste production because the fashion industry creates enough landfill content. Wear them to dinner with boots, grocery store with slides, or work with sneakers. The kind

06:35:32
of pants that you don't think about. You just throw them on and they work. Size XL is already sold out and the other sizes are moving fast. Link in bio. Cool. Oh, and then I want to watch this other video that did really well on Instagram for me on my personal page, but it's related to my fashion brand. About a year ago, I had a realization that designing future collections for my brand using mockup packs in Adobe Illustrator was just no longer going to cut it. If I wanted to take my brand to

06:36:06
the next level, to really enter the arena for premium and luxury brands, the designs needed to improve. If you are a clothing brand owner or a clothing brand designer, or if you ever made merch, you are probably familiar with various mockup packs. Everybody in their mom seems to have a mockup pack that you can buy or download these days. I did that for a while. That's how I made the t-shirts for my brand. That was amazing for establishing the foundation of running a clothing brand. But I knew I

06:36:41
had to get better at designing. I didn't go to school for fashion or fashion design. I stumbled across Clo 3D. This is not an ad. I'm not affiliated with them, but Glow 3D allows me to design custom patterns and garments on a computer without having to cut and sew real fabric. I'll be completely honest, this program has a very steep learning curve. It is very difficult if you are not computer savvy or techsavvy to a certain extent. And also, if you have no background in fashion design like me,

06:37:18
you're going to have to get familiar with the terminology and learn a ton of terms that for me were completely foreign. I took the time to learn what I felt was just enough about the software where now I can start ideas and then out. Okay, you get the point. You can follow me on Instagram if you want to watch the rest of this video. But yeah, so that's just a voice over with some of the content I shot uh in the background and that's pretty much it. So that's how I would approach the social media

06:37:52
strategy for Sugar Baby, which is again this brand we've been building over the last almost two weeks now. In the next video, I'm going to cover the email marketing and then we'll get into ads. And if you enjoyed this video, and I've been enjoying all my content recently, please like and subscribe. Hit the bell notification. It helps me out more than you know. If you want to learn how to launch a designer brand in 4 months or less, join the FBV Pro group. Link is in the description. And I will see you in

06:38:23
the next one. What's up everybody and welcome back to another video. In today's video, we are talking about emails and email marketing for Sugar Baby. this brand that we've been building from scratch over the last 10 episodes. This is now episode 11 in the build a brand series. So far, we've covered brand armor, identity blueprint, fashion design or the modern fashion designer workflow that I'm calling it, manufacturing, operations and fulfillment, creative direction and content, ecom experience,

06:39:03
an excellent ecom experience. So, we built a Shopify store from scratch over two episodes. broke down the social media strategy for Tik Tok and Instagram and now we are moving into the marketing and we are going to cover email marketing specifically today. So our automated flows and our lead magnets and popups and then in the next video I will go into paid ads. If you're new here my name is Chris Drago. I run a brand called Pathos of Things. It's a premium streetear brand based in Los Angeles.

06:39:42
And I share my entire process here on YouTube and in the fashion brand vault school group. In the school group, I share pretty much all of my resources and I'll point you in the right direction so you can build your own brand in 4 months or less. Okay, so I decided to build this over the weekend. As some of you know, I was traveling and I just got back to my desk. So, instead of building this whole thing live on video, I did it on the plane and in the airport and then I'm just going to kind

06:40:16
of present it here and now on video. But essentially, I put together the entire email marketing system with the flows for Sugar Baby. We have five email flows here, and I'm going to break down all five. We have the VIP weight list/welcome flow, the launch day burst where we send out a burst of emails on the day of our drop. Check out abandoned flow, browse abandoned flow. I spelled this wrong. There we go. Browse abandoned flow and post purchase flow which I have explained here in much more detail. And

06:40:57
again, I'm going to go one by one. But why did I pick these five flows? Well, they address the entire funnel from first touch when someone first comes to the site or sees social media about the brand to repeat purchasers in order to get someone into any of these flows. They come in through a popup on the website. So, I've been testing this offer lately. It seems to be working for my own brand pathos of things where I offer $20 off the first order. The reason why I do this is because it covers uh for the customer

06:41:35
any kind of tax or shipping fees, and I like to give specific amount of money off rather than a percentage. So far, a $20 off coupon or automatic discount has been working the best for my brand. Personally, I made two variations of the popup just with some of the content that we generated using AI in an earlier episode. It's very simple. You can set up a popup like this on Shopify extremely easily using either Clavio or the Shopify native email app. The layout is extremely simple. On the left panel, I have uh just what the

06:42:27
model shots, and then on the right panel, I have a headline, the call out or the offer. So, in this case, $20 off your first order in all caps and bold, an email box where a customer can put their email address, and then the submit button has a call to action that says, "Get $20 off." It was spam, unsubscribe anytime. super clean, very simple, looks aesthetic, showcases the product on model, and has a strong incentive. There are a million different ways that you can structure your incentive, and you don't

06:43:02
just have to give a discount or a certain amount of money off of a first order, for example. I think one thing I I I wanted to try for my most recent collection, but it's probably more likely I'm going to do it for the next one, is I plan on having uh a pretty awesome lookbook uh digital lookbook with uh a coupon attached and then some other things, maybe like exclusive behind the scenes videos that get unlocked when you sign up with an email address. So that way it's not just uh like a a a money incentive and there's

06:43:35
something a little more tangible or something that adds to the world building and connects the customer to my vision a little more than just you know reeling them in with money. So far customer just comes to the site. This popup shows up. Many will click away. That's just the nature of it. But for everyone who signs up with their email address, it then adds them to these flows. For this specific scenario, we're doing a drop where the three pieces in the collection are all going to drop at once.

06:44:14
If you've been following along, you know exactly what I'm talking about. So when someone signs up on the website, it's going to be for a future drop. So that effectively turns the email list into a wait list and that allows customers to feel like they're the VIP. So, as soon as someone signs up, they're immediately sent this email, which teases the drop, sets the brand vibe, and intros the sporty sweet aesthetic that we've been building and the made in USA messaging. Here we have the hero logo and hero

06:45:02
product/model image. Then below that we have our headline says, "You are on the list." Below that is the body copy. We just have two short lines. You're officially on the VIP weight list before the drop goes live. See why it's become the go-to uniform for powder blue court girlies everywhere. It's actually three lines, but it should have been four lines. This is like a AI mockup. Below that, we have the call to action. Sky blue button. see the sneak peek. And then we have our footer. So, we

06:45:40
remind the customer that it's made in the USA. We state the mantra. And then there's the unsubscribe and social media accounts at the bottom. 3 days later, they get sent email too, which explains their early bird perk. Again, we have the hero logo at the top and then hero image. This image is of the garment in the packaging. In this case, it's a frosted zipper bag. It's just an AI mockup, but your packaging will likely look similar to this. I know most people that I talk to from this channel and in the school

06:46:18
group use frosted zipper bags, myself included. Below that, we have the headline. Early bird perk unlocked, $15 off, and free sky blue wristband when the drop goes live. So, we have one line benefit and one line bonus. We didn't talk about adding like a sky blue wristband in any of the other videos. So, many of you might be like, "We never talked about that." It's just something that I've actually done working at an agency with other brands. This women's wear brand, we were selling like yoga

06:46:50
pants and that kind of style of fabric. and we offered a free scarf with every offer if you or sorry with every purchase if you sign up with your email. So, I just basically copied that exact idea, but I just came up with like a free wristband or something. And there's just lots of ways that you can add little extra deliverables, things that make it a little special without adding too much to your overhead. You can still keep your margins and add like a little wristband or something. And that is a

06:47:21
nice little bonus that customers tend to really like. Below that, the call to action says, "Save my perk and likely takes the person to the website." And then we have our footer reinstates the mantra says made in USA again. So pretty much the same as the footer here in the first email. Then email three in this sequence gets launched the day before the drop happens. Here's my mockup with the hero logo and hero image at the top. Same as before. Headline says, "Your rackets ready." Body copy says, "Doors open

06:48:03
tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. Pacific time. VIPs hit checkout before public." And then the call to action button says, "Shop first." And then the footer again, made in USA, cute, hot, sporty, reinstates the mantra. And then likely there will be some kind of footer template. If you're using a platform like Clavio or Shopify emails, the unsubscribe button, the social media icons will likely just be there by default, and you can configure those in Clavio. The next sequence that I mocked

06:48:36
up is the launch burst, which happens on the drop day or the the day of the launch, the day of the drop. Here we send three emails in one day and they go out as soon as the store is open or the products go live on the site. And I think that they should look like this. Email one showcases the hero creative and mentions limited SKUs or limited quantity of products in the drop. Like we are only starting with 50 pieces of of each garment. So only 50 dresses and 50 polo sets etc. The headline here is just says it's

06:49:22
live. Limited pieces move fast new pastels plus timeless shapes only. available here. And then a big call to action button that says shop the drop. Email two scheduled for a few hours later on the same day is a social proof recap. So we have an image of a girl wearing the dress. So a real on model photo from one of the photo shoots. I just made up a name for her. Let's call her Lexi. And the headline says, "Lexi checked out the blue set and so far the pastel drops getting nothing but love.

06:49:57
There's a fit and color story for everyone. Take your pick." That's the body copy. And then below that, the big call to action button that says, "Shop the set." And then we have the footer. And then the third email that goes out a few hours after that, but all on the same day, is for last call before the sizes sell out. So this just drives that hype a little further. Builds a sense of scarcity and urgency. We have the hero logo at the top. Then below that says low stock almost gone.

06:50:32
Then we have a hero image of all the products in the drop. Big headline. Below that hero image that says last call sizes disappearing. Then directly below that we have the CTA button that says grab yours. and then the footer. So that's the launch burst on the drop day. So we've covered the VIP weight list and welcome which comes before the drop. That's to nurture this potential customer. Then we have our launch burst on the drop which is all about conversions. It's trying to get someone

06:51:05
to buy by. Next we have our cart/checkout abandon. You can actually set up both cart abandon and checkout abandon in Clavio. They're very similar. The only difference is that one sends an email out when someone abandons their cart and one flow sends an email out when someone abandons their checkout. Cuz some people add products to their cart, but they don't go to the checkout. Some people add products to their cart and they go to the checkout and then they get cold feet at the checkout. So, you can just

06:51:36
get really granular and set up uh flows for both of those. But just for the sake of this video and just keeping it simple, I just group them together. So again, it triggers when people start the checkout, but they leave before purchasing. And there are three emails in this flow as well. Email one, reminder with garment hero photo and pastel call to action button. So, we that's what you see here. The Sugar Baby hero logo, two hero images from the lifestyle shoot outdoors, a big headline that says we

06:52:11
held your cart, and then the product that the shopper left in their cart. And this is dynamic. If you use Clavio and Shopify, this will be dynamic based on the shoers's actual cart. So, for example, if they had the sporty dress in their cart or and they went to checkout and then they left the page, then in this email, it will show them this dynamic card which contains the image of the sporty dress, the title, the price, and then a call to action button to shop now. So, that's email one. Email two is

06:52:44
about user generated content, showcasing the product on people that aren't models affiliated with or associated with the brand. I still included like a UGC style model photo, but if you can get some photos from friends or influencers before the drop, which I'll talk about a little I'll talk a little bit about that more in the ads video, but any content you get from there is great to use here. So like mirror selfie style photos. Even you as the founder, like if you are the archetype, the customer archetype for

06:53:20
the brand, like I am the customer archetype for my brand that I'm the owner of and the designer for. I like to just take photos of myself in my clothes that I design and use that for marketing material cuz there's really nothing more authentic than, you know, the designer of the brand rocking the the actual clothes. So anyway, that's what I use for the hero imagery. I try to make it more UGC style, more candid like iPhone mirror selfie style. Then there's a big headline that says come back for free

06:53:49
shipping. And then that dynamic card here again uh which shows the product uh that the person left in their cart. That's email two. And I want to note here I mentioned that there's uh free shipping. So that's something that I like to offer for my brand. Maybe this is something that you set up where if they click and go through Clavio from your email, it will give them a free shipping coupon. That's something that can be set up as well. Yeah. Then we have email three. Just drives the made

06:54:19
in the USA point home. Just shows some macro shots of the product. Says thread stitched in LA. Don't wait around. And then that dynamic product card again. So that is the abandoned cart or abandoned checkout flow. Next, I have one email for browse abandon. This is triggered when people view a product on your site, but they don't add it to their cart. And I just have this going out 4 hours after the person browses. And we'll use a dynamic card here as well. So, like if someone checked out the Zip Polo, then

06:54:57
they're going to get uh an email that looks like this with a model wearing the Zip Polo and a flat image of the Zip Polo, the product imagery, the product price, and the benefits straight from the Shopify page. So, I took this straight from the Shopify page, from the benefit section of the product page. And then there's just a big shop now CTA button. So, that's browse abandon. Again, this triggers when people view products, but they do not add them to the cart. So, we want to give them more information about

06:55:28
the product here and show them more photos. Try to get them come back to visit the site. And the fifth and final flow here is the post purchase flow, which triggers when orders are fulfilled. For example, I use a 3PL called Pietra. So they handle the fulfillment for me and it's linked to my Shopify. So the order gets fulfilled. They send a notification to me. My Shopify gets updated and then in Clavio these emails start going out. So the first one is what I call a gratitude email and it includes hair

06:56:07
information which is pretty important and overlooked in my opinion. I feel like not enough brands uh give a lot of information about the care of the product to the customer. Increasing the life of the garment for that customer is going to increase increase the perceived quality of the brand and it's going to get them to trust you more. It's going to just give them a better brand and customer experience in general. So, I think this is super important. We just have uh uh I I added a little grid

06:56:38
background just because I thought it [ __ ] it up a little bit, but you definitely don't have to do that. Um but I have the hero uh logo, the hero image, a headline says, "Thanks, Hot Shot. Your sugar baby set is on its way with a button to track the order." That's something that's pretty simple to set up with Pietra as well. Then below that I like directly below that I have the care instructions. Keep it sweet, wash cold, dry, wash cold, hang it dry, wear off and avoid bleach. These I just mocked

06:57:11
these up really quick. And then below that is a big CTA button that says show us your serve tag at sugaraby. Um and then that's a way to get people to start posting about it on social media. You could even take it a step further and add a little subbody text here above the icons that says something like we'll we'll feature you on the site or on our social media. Actually do that in the next email which I'll I'll get to now. So email 2 requests a mirror selfie and also offers a 10% discount. So a similar

06:57:47
format. The hero image here is UGC style or usergenerated content style because we want to encourage that from the customer. We want people to take selfies, mirror images, very candid imagery that we can then post on socials and on the website. Below that we have big headline says snap and serve. Share your sugar baby look and score 10% off your next match. Or we could say next order. You can change we can change the copy however. Then here is a coupon. So we can use this as a CTA button that auto adds a coupon to the checkout. And

06:58:26
then below that tag us at sugarbaby for a chance to be featured. That's email two where we request the UGC style content. And then email three we want to incentivize reviews on our site using judge.mme or Luke's reviews. So that email looks like this. again, hero logo and images. I do that pretty much every time if you haven't picked up on that already. Then below that, we have our review and body copy. So, sorry, we have our hero headline and body copy. So, it says review and reserve. Thanks for your order. Leave a

06:59:03
review to help us and other customers unlock early access to a fresh new colorway. And then below that there's a CTA button that with a call to action that says leave a review and unlock early access. So this will then take the customer to the website to the judge.mme or the loops reviews page where they can leave a review on your website. Uh and then you can give them like a code in return within those apps. So yeah, that's the full rundown for the sugar baby emails. I'm keeping it pretty

06:59:36
simple. We could go crazy. We could add a 100 flows. We could add 100 emails per flow. I see a lot of people like that guy Ezra Firestone on YouTube saying if you the more emails you sell, the more money you make. So, this is really just scratching the surface, but I think because we're doing a three product drop and I'm just doing this as like a brand concept and for YouTube, I wanted to explain these key five flows that I think are extremely important. I will put this document with these email

07:00:07
templates in the school group and the that link will be in the description. In the next video, I'm going to go over the ad strategy. That's going to be super exciting. People have been asking about ads, especially because I worked for several different advertising agencies over the last 10 years. Something I don't really talk about enough on my channel, I think. So, I'm excited to get into that as well. If you found this helpful at all or enjoy my content in any way, please like, subscribe, hit the

07:00:39
bell notification so you always are up to date when I post and I'll see you in the next one. Once all of these things are dialed in and the funnel is moving, someone will eventually make a purchase. And then from there, it's the promised land. We've collected money for the audience. Advantage Plus is on. So that's what we wanted for our broad audience. So, we'll keep advantage plus on. This stage is going to build a pool of people that engage with the social media and go to the brand's website and

07:01:11
then we will retarget those people or send more ads to that pool. What's good everybody? Welcome back to another video. This is the next episode in the build a brand series where we are building this brand concept called Sugar Baby. In the last episode, we did all of the email marketing and I broke down a bunch of email templates. Before that, we built the Shopify store. I backed up the Shopify store screenshots and the email templates here in the SugarBy map which is in the school group link in the

07:01:45
description. And today we are now talking about paid ads architecture which I think will be the last episode for this season one of the build a brand series which features this sugar baby brand concept. I think it's been fun but I kind of want to move on and do some other concepts. I want to do a snowboarding brand and I have some other ideas in the pipeline that I'm sure you'll hear about soon. So like and subscribe for that. hit the bell notification so you are in the loop when I release all of that awesome content in

07:02:18
the future. And without further ado, let's get into the paid ads architecture. If you've been following along up to this point, you know that we have a drop planned hypothetically for Sugar Baby. It's a three-piece capsule. The products look like this. And we're hopefully going to sell out the drop by utilizing all of the awesome content that we mocked up and then reach as many people in the ideal target audience as possible using paid ads. There are two stages to the paid ad system. There's

07:02:50
the cold prospecting stage and the warm retargeting stage. Cold prospecting is when you reach completely new people that have never heard of or interacted with the brand before. The platforms we're going to run ads on are meta for IG reels, story and feed placements and Tik Tok, which is in line with our content strategy because we focused on Instagram and Tik Tok in our content strategy video. The objective is lead generation. So, we want to get as many people's emails as possible. In my

07:03:21
experience, I've gotten email optins for my brand as low as $3 on Tik Tok and Meta. So that gave me some good data telling me that my ads were really resonating with the Tik Tok audience. And then I just doubled down on that content strategy and then ran ads to that content that was already working. For Sugar Baby, we're going to send people from Tik Tok and Instagram to a VIP weightlist landing page. So, with Shopify, we could just utilize the password page and add some copy to that page saying, "Sign up for the VIP weight

07:03:56
list. And then we'll need to include some kind of incentive or what I'm calling an early bird perk." So, that might be free shipping, maybe give them a discount or a small gift. In one of the other episodes, we discussed a little wristband as a small gift. doing little accessories like that. It's pretty cheap and easy to add into your strategy. Just takes a little bit of extra work. Not for everybody. Not completely necessary either. There are other ways to set up early bird perks.

07:04:27
We're utilizing the lifestyle content, the art directed reels, and the catalog content from our photo shoot. This stage is going to build a pool of people that engage with the social media and go to the brand's website and then we will retarget those people or send more ads to that pool. The pool includes IG engagers from the last month to two months, website visitors, Tik Tok engagers, and people on the email list that sign up for the early bird perk. The content in the warm retargeting

07:05:05
phase consists of founder/story clips which really connect with the audience, social proof like user generated content, unboxing style videos, testimonials, tryon clips, and problem solutions addressing an issue in the market. Maybe a certain popular style is extremely expensive and you are more affordable. Or maybe a certain popular fabric is actually kind of uncomfortable, so you made your own version that's much more comfortable. There are lots of different solutions to people's problems that I'm sure your

07:05:39
brand can solve. You just need to highlight those because these three types of content are likely to get conversions. They're not for growing the social media, getting thousands of followers. The point here with these retargeting ads is to get people to buy. It's to make money. So, I broke down this whole process in a little bit more detail with this little funnel flow. I'm going to break this down. Then, I'm going to break down the campaign architecture for Meta and Tik Tok ads.

07:06:11
And then I'll show you exactly how I would set them up step by step. And then how I would scale it once the budget is working. But first, let's understand how the funnel works. So, here's the flow. We have cold ads. Again, cold means it's going out to people that have never interacted with the brand before. These cold ads direct people to a VIP landing page. When someone hits this page, they can sign up for something. Uh, in our case, the early bird perk. There's copy on the landing page or the password page

07:06:48
telling people what they get when they sign up. incentivizing them to add their email address. In the online marketing world, this is usually called a lead magnet. Then, an email sequence will nurture all the people that sign up on the VIP landing page. I broke down the VIP weight list sequence. In the last video, all about emails. We'll send out our launch burst sequence on the day of the launch. I also broke that down in the email video. And then we'll send out our post-purchase user generated content

07:07:20
request. So that's when we give people discounts for future purchases in return for a selfie or a little video or a review or a testimonial. Further down the funnel, we have our warm retargeting. This is where we send the ads to those audiences I described earlier. So, the site visitors, anyone that engaged with one of the cold traffic ads, and then anyone that added to cart or initiated checkout, that's what ATC/IC stands for, add to cart/initiate checkout, but with no purchase. So, these are people that maybe got called

07:07:55
feet right at the finish line. They put something in their cart, they uh went to checkout, but they didn't buy. So, we want to serve ads to them because they have the highest intent and that's likely to give us the best return on our investment. Warm traffic ads or retargeting ads work really well when you showcase testimonials, close-up detail shots, and reminders or urgency like last chance or we're only making 50 of these or only four size small left. That's what urgency means. Because these

07:08:26
types of content are the best for conversions. Certain types of content are better for getting leads. Certain types of content are better for gaining followers. Certain types of content are better for getting lots of views. And certain types of content are better for conversions and making money. So, those are the angles we want to tackle with our retargeting ads. The angles that are going to make us the most amount of money. Once all of these things are dialed in and the funnel is moving, someone will eventually make a purchase.

07:08:56
And then from there, it's the promised land. We've collected money and now it's way easier to get that person to buy something again in the future than it was to get them to buy the first time. But we could still run ads and send emails to these people even after they purchased the first time. That's not the end of the funnel for them. After someone purchases, we are going to send them additional retargeting ads on Meta and Tik Tok, where we show them how to style the clothes, promote the next

07:09:26
drops and colorways as we get more teaser content for upcoming drops, and we can run spark ads from user generated content to review posts. So, for example, someone on TikTok can post a clip of them trying on the garment that they bought. And then me as a brand owner and media buyer, I can then run traffic or ads. I could use that person's content as an ad. And Tik Tok users love this because it's just free traffic for them. It's just free engagement. It's free followers. I'm

07:10:02
spending the money so they don't really have to worry about it. And then with Tik Tok Shop, which I know we're not doing for this specific project, but maybe for the next brand concept, with Tik Tok Shop specifically, you can have affiliates and then they post a clip wearing the clothes or trying on the clothes and then you can run ads to their video and then if that video makes a sale, they the creator can make a small commission. So then everyone is incentivized and it actually creates

07:10:27
this really nice ecosystem where creators grow quickly, the brand grows their audience quickly and then everybody makes money. And then after all of that, you should hopefully now have a repeat customer, someone that looks forward to the next drop, someone that engages with your email list, someone that checks out all the social media and comments on all the posts, etc. All right, now that we've covered the theory, let's break down the three tier architecture of Tik Tok and Meta Ads. So, all campaigns for Tik Tok and

07:11:00
Meta Ads use this structure. They have the campaign level, the ad set or ad group level depending on if you're in meta ads or Tik Tok ads, ad set for meta ads, ad group, tik tok ads, and then the ad level. Each of these is nested within the one above it. So within a campaign, you can have multiple ad sets and then within an ad set, you could have multiple ads. And that looks something kind of like this. So we could have one campaign for cold traffic and then within that campaign we can have three

07:11:40
ad sets and then within each ad set we can have three ads. It's kind of like a ladder and it's also kind of like a Russian doll where it's just dolls within dolls, right? That's kind of like how these campaigns work for Tik Tok and meta ads. So now let's break down what each tier actually is or what it does. So at the campaign level, which is the outermost level, you set your objective, your budget type, and your optimization goal. If you're unfamiliar with those terms, that's fine. I'm going to break

07:12:19
it down. An objective typically is one of these: conversions, traffic, video views, or engagement. It's basically just telling the social media platform Meta or Tik Tok, I want more conversions like purchases and add to carts, I want more traffic. I don't necessarily care if they buy. I just want the most amount of people to visit my website. That's what traffic optimization means. Optimizing for video views. If your objective is video views, that means you want to pay the least for the most

07:12:51
amount of views. And if your objective is engagement, that means you want to pay the least for the most engagement or the most engaged audience. People that are going to comment and share and like the posts. So that's objective. Then next you have budget type and optimization goal which is explained here. So there's CBO and there's [ __ ] CBO is campaign budget optimization. to where you have one budget across all adsets and then the platform auto distributes your budget. Then next is

07:13:30
[ __ ] or adset budget optimization. This is where each adset gets its own budget which gives you tighter control. If you don't quite know what that means, that's probably because you don't understand what an adset is. So, let's go over what an adset is. At the adset or ad group level, this is one group within the campaign level. Right? And looks like this. So, we just went over our campaign level. Now, we're in the ads set level within that campaign. This is where you define the audience targeting, the

07:14:03
placement, and the schedule of the ads. This is what we're going to use for the audience targeting for sugaraby broad. So, we'll have an ad set for broad audience where you don't put any interest. You don't put anything. You just let the algorithm optimize and figure it out. We'll add interest stacks in an ad set which where you group relevant niches. So this could be fans of tennis, fans of street wear, whatever customers of Sugar Baby are into. Next are lookalike audiences, which uh we're

07:14:35
not really going to get into too much here, but basically what a lookalike audiences is you give Meta or Tik Tok a bunch of data about your customers. Maybe that's an email list. Or maybe you have the Meta and Tik Tok pixels installed and you've collected a large number of website visitors or add to carts or purchases. You can then make new audiences based on that data. So you could say, "Hey Facebook, I have 1,000 people on my email list or I had 1,000 people purchase from my store. Make me

07:15:09
an audience that has all the same data points as all of these purchasers." So you find new people that share all of the same interests and same demographics, psychoraphics as my current customers. That's extremely powerful when scaling the brand, but it's not that applicable if you are starting out. And for this example, we're not talking about scaling Sugar Baby per se. We're talking about just trying to sell out this one three product drop, but I will touch on scaling towards the end of this video.

07:15:42
Next, we'll include custom audiences. So, custom audiences are your different retargeting pools. People that visited the site, people that engaged with your social media, people that engaged with an ad. What we covered earlier in this video. Custom audiences are how you set up retargeting ads. You can't set up a retargeting ad without a custom audience. You need to first tell Meta or tell Tik Tok, "These are the people that engaged with my site." It doesn't just happen automatically. You set up that

07:16:14
custom audience of people that visited, people that clicked on an ad, and then you include that custom audience in your ad set when you are creating the advertising campaign. For meta ads, we'll just pick advantage plus for our placements. Placements means where the ad is going to show up. So, this could be uh like feeds, reels, the sidebar. Meadow's advantage plus placements option just lets it optimize for you. The algorithm is pretty good. I recommend keeping that on. For Tik Tok infeed is the default. That means you

07:16:47
just run ads that show up in the for you page as people are scrolling. And then spark ads. A spark ad is when a creator gives you a code that you can then use to authorize that creator's post for ads. So, like I was saying earlier, if someone buys one of the Sugar Baby products and they feature the product in one of their videos, maybe they do a tryon video, that creator can then give me a code and then I can put that code into Tik Tok ads and then run ads to that creator's video. And then within

07:17:19
the adset level, you have the ad level. So, you can have multiple ads at the ad level within the ad set. This is where you have your creative, so your video like the actual content, the copy, which are the words that you include in the captions, and then your call to actions, like shop now. For creative testing, I like to test hooks first, and then run three to five ads per ad set. I replace losing ads quickly. If I see that some ads are outperforming others, I'll look at the ones that are underperforming,

07:17:51
and then I'll do a couple things. Maybe I'll change the hook or I'll change the body copy. and then see if that fixes the performance of the ad. And if that doesn't fix the ad, then I just maybe need to use a different video or different photos completely. Okay, while I was filming this, I realized it'll probably just be easiest if I show you the back end of Meta Ads. Um, kind of explain a little bit more how this works. So, as you can see, there are these three tabs. One for campaigns, one

07:18:20
for adsets, and one for ads. This is kind of like where you can see an overview of everything. But if I click through to ad set, then here are all the different adets. And then here are all the different ads within the ad set. So I'm just going to set up a new campaign and kind of break this down for Sugar Baby as if I was doing this as a media buyer for Sugar Baby. So uh first we have the campaign level. So here we are at the campaign level. Create a new campaign. We want to use a leads like I

07:18:52
was saying before. So that's our objective. Choose a campaign objective. Uh our objective that we want here is leads. So I'm going to pick leads. If we were optimizing for sales and not doing a drop or a pre-launch kind of thing, then we would just uh go here to sales and click sales because we want to optimize for conversions. So I'll just press okay. We'll name this whatever it was here. It was like sugar baby launch objective cold and then the date. So we could copy that, paste it here. So we

07:19:27
have sugar baby launch objective. I picked sales uh cold and then the date is 813. We have our buying type auction. Don't worry about that. Campaign objective. We picked it sales advantage plus catalog ads. We're going to leave that off for now. But this is something cool that I like to put in the uh retargeting adset. So maybe I'll talk about that a little bit later. But here you can upload your catalog like directly from Shopify and then it will just turn your images and product copy like the product

07:19:59
description and it'll just turn that into ads. Here is where we can pick CBO or [ __ ] which I talked a little bit about here. CBO again is campaign budget optimization and [ __ ] is adet budget optimization. Let's just set this to $20 a day. Campaign budget is great when you know that you have winning adsets already, like leg audience or custom audience. But because this is for cold traffic, we'll just do [ __ ] I don't have any special ad categories or anything like that. So, we could just press next.

07:20:31
For adset name, let's use audience one here for our first adset. And we'll just call that broad advantage plus. We want to drive traffic to the website because we have a Shopify site. We want our performance goal to be maximize number of conversions. For the data set, I have my Pathos of Things website pixel here, but you're going to want to use your own pixel. For Sugar Baby, I would set up a Sugar Baby pixel, for example. Maybe I can make a video about that, but I feel like that's not really my domain. I feel

07:21:07
like there are a lot of really awesome videos on YouTube that will teach you how to set up the Metapixel for your Shopify store. For the conversion event, we want purchase. We set our budget to $20. For the audience, Advantage Plus is on. So, that's what we wanted for our broad audience. So, we'll keep advantage plus on. We don't need to add any audience suggestions. And then we can keep the placements as automatic. Then within that we have our ad level. So this is where we can dump five ads, 10 ads, etc.

07:21:43
into the adset level. So then all of these ads, these pieces of creative, these videos will then be served to the audience that we set at the adset level. So that's the whole point of setting up the adset level is determining where the ads are going to be served and who the ads are going to be served to. For the adset level, we could just do a manual upload or you can add your catalog and use an advantage plus catalog ad. But we'll just do manual upload. If you don't want to create an ad from scratch

07:22:16
and you want to use a piece of social content that you already posted, you just use this toggle here and select use existing post instead of create ad. And then you can select the post here. And that's pretty much it on the three- tier system for the architecture of meta ads. Tik Tok ads is extremely similar. That was just for the cold traffic campaign. Then we'll have a second campaign running that's just for warm traffic. So we're going to optimize for sales. For our adsets, we can set each of these

07:22:47
four audiences up as their own ad set. So we could have one ad set for website visitors within the last month. We could have a separate ad set that's just for people that signed up for the email list. And we can have a separate ad set for people that added to cart and initiated checkout but did not buy. The budget for this is typically 20 to 40% of the total daily budget that you can spend. Then within each of these adsets, we have ads and we can do five ads per ad set for a total of 20 ads. But you

07:23:20
don't need to make 20 different ads. You only need to make five ads and then you copy and paste them into each ad set. You have the same five ads for audience one, your website v visitors. Then you have the same five ads for audience two or ads set two, which is your IG and Facebook page engagers and so on. In this document, which you can get in the school by the way, link in the description. I also broke down how I would set up Tik Tok ads just for the sake of time. I'm not going to do a

07:23:46
whole Tik Tok ads setup as well, but just know it's extremely similar to how you set up meta ads. If you mess around with meta ads or Tik Tok ads for like 10 minutes, you'll see everything that I just showed you and you'll see the separate tabs uh for these uh three tiers. The only main difference I think really is that Tik Tok calls the adset level the ad group level. I just call it ads set level because I'm more familiar with meta ads and I've been using meta ads longer. But ad set and ad group are

07:24:15
basically the same thing. Tik Tok is not pushing the auto optimization as hard. Like Meta just wants you to let it do everything and just let the algorithm optimize and it's actually pushing people away from customizing their audiences and their adsets. Tik Tok broad targeting still tends to work the best in my opinion with Tik Tok though because the algorithm is so strong. So when I was scaling Be Lovely's ads and if you're unfamiliar with Be Lovely, it's a women's shoe brand Tik Tok shop.

07:24:46
it was printing money. When we were scaling the ads for that, the majority of the sales came from ad groups with broad targeting just because the Tik Tok algorithm was so strong and the content pulled the majority of the weight, right? Like as long as the content is really good, the Tik Tok algorithm will find its people. But if you want to expand beyond just broad targeting or rather not expand, but actually get more laser focused and more granular, you can do an interest stack. So for Sugar Baby,

07:25:14
we can target people that are interested in tennis. We can target people that are interested in tennis apparel, street wear, Y2K fashion, and athleisure. And then if we had enough data, we can create a lookike audience for a third ad group, but that's more for scaling. I want to talk about a little more about the content. So for Sugar Baby at the ad level, the content that we're using for these ads, uh there are a few different lanes that we could go in. I want to repurpose a lot of the content that we

07:25:44
mocked up from the AI photo shoot. Uh, and then we could just repurpose a lot of that content, like lifestyle content and product imagery or catalog imagery into these really short hype reels. So, it's just 15 seconds. It's like really quick cuts of the different images or different videos of the model wearing the clothes. Then, I think it's really important to have founder direct to camera videos. This is basically exactly what I'm doing, right? But instead of just for my personal YouTube channel or

07:26:12
for uh growing a school community, it would be specifically about my story running a brand and uh designing the clothes and the story behind specific pieces that I'm selling for whatever drop or collection that I'm promoting. And then UDC tryon videos are going to be huge for the rest of 2025 and in 2026. If you're doing any kind of short form vertical ads, UDC tryon videos just absolutely crush. Customers love to see an authentic buyer that is actually a fan of the brand, actually buys the

07:26:44
clothes, actually wears the clothes. People want to see that. They don't want to just see like a manufactured ad. They want to see something that feels more natural. And it's good to incorporate scarcity hooks. So, it just adds a little bit more urgency, saying something like, "Only 150 sets," or, "I only made 50 pieces of this garment." Or, "Your size is going fast. Size small, only four left." Things like that. It's really good for pushing sales. And then let's wrap it up by

07:27:11
discussing scaling the budget. So when certain ads do really well and other ads do poorly, you kill the losers, scale the winners. Turn off any ads that aren't working because if they aren't working, it's just burning money. So you want to turn those off as soon as you identify that they're not working. And then wait, that's step one, waiting. Wait before you scale the budget up. Wait for at least two to three purchase conversions per ad set per day for three days in a row before scaling the budget.

07:27:42
Otherwise, you might break the algorithm. Breaking the algorithm means you add too many things or make too many changes too quickly. The data gets thrown off. The algorithm gets thrown off and then you end up burning a lot of money. You also need to evaluate your cost per acquisition versus the target. So, for example, your cost per acquisition should be at or below your profit safe number, which includes your product cost, your shipping, and any other perks like packaging or if you elevate the content experience and end

07:28:16
up paying a lot more money for the content. You need to factor in all of those costs. If your break even cost per acquisition is $50, don't scale until you're making sales where your cost per acquisition or how much it costs to gain a customer is at $20 or $30 because then you have more margin and you need a stable click-through rate. If your click-through rate is falling day by day, like after a week you look and see that the click-through rate on your videos is decreasing and less people are

07:28:45
clicking on them, you don't want to scale because scaling is just going to amplify the decay. is just going to amplify the rate at which you burn cash on videos that people just aren't clicking on. So, with all those things in mind, how do we scale without breaking the algorithm? Well, Meta and Tik Tok hate massive jumps. They hate, like I said, when you make too many changes too quickly. You can either scale slowly or you increase the budget by 20 to 30% every 48 hours only on winning adsets, which if you're starting

07:29:18
at $20 a day, that might be like, "Oh man, I want to spend more money. I want to make more money. It's taking so long." Or you can fast scale. This is where you just duplicate winning adsets into new campaigns. So, it's like, okay, this adset is spending $50 per day and it's winning at a 2x or 3x return on ad spend. I'm just going to duplicate all of these ads in this adset to a completely new campaign and just basically double the budget overnight. Then, if you duplicate it again, then

07:29:48
you just tripled the budget. If you duplicate it again, you just quadrupled the budget. That's fast scaling. That's typically called horizontal scaling. Where vertical scaling on the other hand is when it goes slow and you're just increasing the budget of a particular ad set over time. Slow scale, vertical, fast scale, horizontal. You only want to scale when your return on ad spend is 2x over your break even for at least 3 days. So if your break even is 50 bucks, you need to be making $100 a day for at

07:30:22
least three days. If your ads are making sales and the frequency is less than 2.5, which means people are seeing it less than 2.5 times on average, then that's an indicator that you're still hitting fresh people. You don't want someone to see that same ad more than two or three times because then it's going to get stale and they're going to get ad fatigue. Another indicator for scaling is when your CPMs or cost per thousand impressions hasn't spiked more than 20% in the last 3 days. If your

07:30:53
CPMs are stable, then that means it's finding new new people that are actively engaging. Once you start scaling, there are really two ways to do it. Vertical scaling or horizontal scaling. Vertical scaling is when you just increase the budget of an adset. For example, increasing the budget on Meta by 20 to 30% every other day or every 48 hours. Tik Tok can typically handle higher percentage jumps, like scaling your budget by 50% every other day, but ads fatigue very quickly. So, you're going

07:31:24
to need to add more hooks. Even if you want to keep using that piece of content, you need to swap out new versions of that content with different hooks or maybe different captions. And then for horizontal scaling, that's just when you add more audiences and creative. So you could easily just duplicate your ad set four times within meta ads and then now you've quadrupled your budget. Or you can create new ad sets with the same ads or the same content using new interest or lookalike audiences. If you have existing winners,

07:31:54
you can repurpose those winners by just adding new hook. And it's always a good idea to just keep old winners running while you're testing. Don't pause winners. If it's generating money, let it generate money. So that's pretty much it. That's the rundown of meta and Tik Tok ads for this brand concept. Sugar baby, at least this is how I would set up the meta and Tik Tok ads if this was a real brand and I was actually trying to make 100 grand with it. I'm sure there are lots of gems in here that you

07:32:19
can apply to your own brand. If you have any questions or you want to see me dive more into the MetaMat ads manager, for example, or show you something more specific, leave a comment. Be sure to like, subscribe, hit the bell notification so you're always in the loop when I upload. And if you want to launch a fashion brand or scale your fashion brand in four months or less, join Fashion Brand Vault Pro. Link is in the description. That pretty much wraps up season 1 of Build a Brand. I'm looking forward to season 2. I hope you

07:32:47
are as well. and I will see you in the next

